In front of the magic school, a teleportation genius emerged. 
summer vacation (4) volume 2 tower, ih hanwol's office.
"a trip...." instructor ih hanwol looked at the children who came with travel applications with a strange look in his eyes. Hong biyeon princess, aijel grand duchess, pulleim. Three girls who don't seem to match at all decided to go on a sudden trip. Who wouldn't be curious? "not allowed?" "it's not that." there's really no reason to refuse. It's summer vacation after all. "it's for a week. Where are you planning to go?" "the diamond coast of raphlati island. It's famous as a resort." "ah, i see. But... Isn't it more famous as a hunting ground? You're not planning to pretend to be adults, are you?" flinch. Pulleim trembled at ih hanwol's words. She just randomly blurted out the name of a famous resort she heard in the original novel, but she never expected such a background. "ehehe... Of course not." "well, even if you want to hunt because your faces are so famous, as teenagers, you'll be easily exposed. Don't get into unnecessary trouble." "surfing and suntan! And drinking wine under the warm sun... No, grape juice! We'll do everything we can at the beach and come back!" stamp! Ih hanwol stamped the seal, and the girls rushed out of the office. "phew. I didn't expect raphlati island to be a meeting place for men and women." "how would they know we're teenagers...." "surprisingly many do." hong biyeon replied. When pulleim and aijel stared at her, she chuckled and then replied. "even some from my faction pretended to be adults and went to the beach to flirt." "wow.... There are really people like that." "kids these days are getting bolder." "pulleim, you speak like an adult." "i'm mentally mature." "ah... I see... I understand." as unnecessary chatter began, hong biyeon cut it off. "enough chit-chat, we're leaving soon, right?" "yes. That's right. There's no reason to delay." "then let's each pack our things and meet at gate 4 warp hole." with those words, hong biyeon coolly disappeared. Aijel watched her leave and then looked towards the direction where cheers were coming from. Stella dome. Perhaps by now... Exams are being held to select participants for the school tournament. "why? Disappointed?" when pulleim asked with a subtle expression, aijel shook her head sadly. "i was looking forward to it, but there are priorities, so i can participate next year if i want." "that's true. But if we come back as planned, we might be able to watch the final match, right? I wonder who will represent our school?" "hmm... The school tournament is an event where one can showcase their magical abilities to the world. Aijel had been looking forward to it. However, now it didn't matter much. She had already succeeded in spreading magic under the name of 'morph' through the aslan seminar, so there was no need for her to aim for the school tournament. Even if that wasn't the case, comparing it to the 'constellatio project' or any other event would be absurd. "anyway, to enjoy watching the final match when we return, we need to successfully finish this task, right?" "of course." aijel nodded firmly, and pulleim patted her back like an affectionate older sister. "well then, let's go." their journey seemed smooth, but it was not without its challenges. As they were well-known figures, there was a lot of commotion wherever they went. Raphlati international airport. "wow... There's princess hong biyeon." "must be on vacation...." "i thought she was a model." hong biyeon, dressed in a simple white dress, had one hand on her silver travel suitcase and the other hand resting on her hip. Behind her black sunglasses, she seemed to be looking into the distance as if saying, 'take a picture.' perhaps understanding this telepathy, the reporters following hong biyeon were capturing her from various angles. Of course, she was enjoying the attention. Her every move attracted people, and her outfit would soon become a trend among teenage girls. "phew... It's so hot." some people didn't care at all. Pulleim, in blue hot pants, a blue cap, and a white tank top, had a very ordinary fashion sense, but she pulled it off perfectly. In contrast, aijel was quite conscious of the gazes around her as she fidgeted with her hair. 'i should have dressed up a bit too... Wearing sky-blue pants and a sky-blue t-shirt, she envied the cool and stylish sense of hong biyeon and pulleim but pretended not to care. She didn't pay much attention to the stares anymore. It was quite burdensome, but aijel, who had lived with malicious glares, didn't mind the attention. Later, the three girls boarded the plane and each opened a book without exchanging a word. Hong biyeon read a famous people magazine, pulleim read the trend magazine for june, and aijel... Read a philosophical book objectively summarizing the impact of magic development from ancient civilizations to when humans gained power on the civilization's changes and developments. 'it's comfortable...' thanks to hong biyeon's sponsorship, all three could afford business class seats, but for aijel, it was a first, so everything felt unfamiliar. Except for a flight attendant who mistook her for an adult and tried to serve wine, there was nothing else to worry about. 'is this the power of money and status...?' pulleim, who was reading a magazine, had fallen asleep, and hong biyeon, despite the boredom, elegantly looked out the window. Feeling no one else was uncomfortable except herself, aijel tried to relax in her seat. Her body was comfortable, but her mind was not at ease. She was unaware of this fact. As they flew in silence for a while... "aijel." suddenly, hong biyeon called out. Her name was called so naturally that aijel didn't realize it at first. "ah... Yes?" "after saving the commoner, what do you plan to do?" "...what do you mean?" hong biyeon, who had been looking out the window, turned to aijel with her blue eyes. "there must be a reason why you're so fixated on that commoner's life. What's the reason?" before aijel could answer, hong biyeon decisively spoke as if she had expected it. "i will make that commoner... Into my person." "...what?" the sudden declaration caught aijel off guard, and she couldn't fully comprehend it. "i mean it literally. I will make the commoner my own. To do that... I won't hesitate to use any means necessary." the phrase 'any means necessary' encompassed a lot, and aijel could understand that. "i appreciate your efforts to save the commoner's life. But if you interfere with my goals... I have no qualms about completely excluding you." aijel's eyes trembled. What should she say in response? It was a kind of ultimatum. 'i will possess this item, so don't touch it and stay away.' but why... Was she saying this to me? There was pulleim sitting right next to her. She thought that way in her head, but in her heart, she accepted it. Why would she do that? It's obvious. "...is that so." aijel raised her head again and stared into hong biyeon's red eyes. "effort is freedom." with that, hong biyeon chuckled and looked out the window again. Her attitude seemed to say that it didn't matter what aijel did. It made aijel feel a surge of anger for a moment, but she restrained it, knowing that this was how she operated. * * * a quiet cafe in arkaneum. The low price of $5,000 for a cup of coffee was enough to captivate the hearts of the few commoners, and the same applied to baek yuseol. As some people knew, baek yuseol was already wealthy. Very wealthy. So, many people wondered why he always headed to this cafe, but... In fact, there was no particular reason. 'too lazy to go far.' when he decided to quit the gym, he advised to choose a nearby place as the first goal rather than a perfect exercise facility and excellent trainers. That way, he would be more likely to stick to the gym. Of course, baek yuseol wasn't coming to the cafe to train, but coming out for 30 minutes every day to enjoy coffee was to truly savor his leisure time. This was a habit from his life on earth. Although he was quite busy juggling training and school at stella, his life wasn't much different from his time on earth. The moments of leisure he enjoyed during lunch and after work were what made life enjoyable for him. However, recently, he couldn't fully enjoy his leisure time. In this world, there were no televisions or computers, but instead, there was the 'magic screen,' where newspapers and news were quickly uploaded, spreading issues rapidly. Perhaps due to his recent fame, there were reporters lurking around the cafe, making him uncomfortable. Some students were blatantly staring at him, and it was clear they had come to see him. 'are they exchange students?' still, it was fortunate that no one approached him directly. "hey... Thinking that," someone suddenly approached. Baek yuseol looked up to see a cute girl with her hair in pigtails standing nervously, fidgeting with her hands. "are you here to give me a love letter or something?" "oh, no! It's not that..." "hmm..." unfamiliar school uniform. Unfamiliar face. Her name was anella... As expected, he had never heard of her before. He wanted to take out his glasses, but before he could, anella handed him something. "um, could you... Sign this for me?" "...sign?" it was the first time he had heard such a ridiculous request, but he thought he could do it. After all, he was famous. 'come to think of it, wasn't there a similar event in the original game...?' unlocking a specific route and being able to play the 'character makeover' in the game 'magic screen' occasionally held a ridiculous event called a 'signing event.' each time, the additional abilities such as temperament and charm would increase, and players who wanted to dress up their characters beautifully and stylishly often participated. However, he had never expected to receive such a request in person. "why not." it didn't cost anything, and since she came to me, there was no reason to refuse. Baek yuseol casually took the paper and uncapped the pen. Suddenly, anella grabbed baek yuseol's shoulder and brought her face close to his. "look into my eyes." "what?" slowly... From anella's eyes, there were swirling black streams. "what are you doing right now...?" baek yuseol, who was staring blankly at it, slowly began to relax his pupils, and anella smiled with a sense of repentance. 'good, it worked!' anella's greatest attribute, [nightmare's rebirth]. A rare mental attack that delves deep into the target's mind to evoke their deepest trauma... One of the few mental attacks in the world. Thump! Anella, who had fallen into the sea of baek yuseol's memories, looked around with a refreshing expression. This was his mental world. Although it was impossible to read the minds of others, anella, who had inherited some characteristics of the extinct 'dreamer tribe,' could dream and explore the most painful past of the target. She couldn't choose the dream she wanted to see, and only the most painful memories unfolded before her. The disadvantage was that if the caster couldn't bear it, the victim and the caster's minds could collapse at that moment. But that was not a concern for anella. For her, who had lived through all sorts of terrible experiences, witnessing various pains and traumas was just like watching a slightly sad tragedy. 'now... Where should i poke at the most painful spot?' after investigating, baek yuseol's past was quite filled with painful memories. 'when were you most desperate?' when you lost your hometown? When you lost your parents? When you lost your best friend? 'i'll let you think about it, and i'll take a look.' the result of the investigation revealed that baek yuseol's most painful memory was... Death. And not just any death, but his own death. 'how...?! Can death... Be the most painful memory?' 'i never... Thought that way, but this time, a huge gravestone fell from the sky and crushed anella's body. 'crack....' before she could even scream, she was crushed. -kraaah!! However, before she could shake off the pain, a monster flew in from somewhere, grabbed her body, tore it apart, a huge fire pierced through her body, sharp spears pierced her body, and she was shattered into pieces by various magical attacks. 'save me... She slowly, slowly... Collapsed under the pouring 'death.'