## Chapter 160 - Room 201, Cursed Room - ‘The Cube’ (9) - Second Attempt, Kim Ari

“Elizabeth, team leader, this is the Hesbeth mansion.” 

“Hm. So, you’re telling me that over three hundred people have already lost their lives in this place?”

“At this rate, it’ll be a thousand by next year.”

“Well, that’s why we came, isn’t it? Let’s go in.”

— Clunk!

“What was that sound?”

“Elizabeth, team leader! The door’s locked!”

“What do you mean? Contact HQ!”

“What is this? What’s happening? We’ve lost communication!”

— Beep, beep, beep!

I came back to my senses along with the signal ringing in my head. Unlike the first attempt, my colleagues weren’t struggling. Instead, the chat window blinked right away.

Eunsol: First mansion capture. Eunsol captured the first mansion with her eyes everywhere, for the ‘spot the difference’ that will follow. Meanwhile, I pretended to be flustered by the sudden communication disruption and held Elizabeth back, buying time. As expected, it began soon after.

“Aagh!”

“Oliver? What’s going on?”

“Look, look at this!”

As expected.  A large mirror hanging on the wall had a bright blood-red inscription on it:

Go down.

Gaein had suggested that we should try smashing the mirror that had this inscription on it in the first mansion. Maybe there was a way out behind that mirror. It was worth trying. Anyway, I was prepared to fight the devil girl if necessary, and my current power was at its peak.

Kim Ari: Seungyeop, by the mirror. Get ready to escape.

Park Seungyeop: Yes.

He pointed his gun at the mirror while observing Elizabeth. She showed no reaction. In fact, she seemed to be wondering why I wasn’t shooting already.  Actually, if I recall the management bureau’s response protocol, it's completely normal to shoot first and throw a grenade at a place that seems ‘odd’. Agents are not horror movie protagonists, so they don’t approach strange places unarmed.  More than 90% of the chaos entities on Earth are vulnerable to bullets and bombs.

— Bang! Clang!

The mirror shattered with a loud noise. … There was just a plain wall behind it. This part of Gaein’s prediction was wrong.  We can’t escape from the very first room. There are only a limited number of rooms that allow escape. Anyway, since the first room only has one exit, there’s no need to worry about which way to go.

I moved to the underground passage.

*

We entered the second mansion.  If there’s no change, the monster of this mansion is hiding in the carpet.

Eunsol: Living room carpet form unchanged.  Monster in this place.

Just like before, the monster of the second mansion was in the carpet. Now it’s time to get serious.

Kim Mookseong and Cha Jincheol quietly moved behind Elizabeth. It wasn’t time yet. I needed to confirm a few things.

Elizabeth opened her mouth.

“Go to the living room.”

We followed her instructions and moved towards the living room, but we carefully avoided the carpet, keeping an eye on our surroundings. 

After a while, feeling impatient, Elizabeth spoke again.

“You there! Stop gossiping and search more diligently.”

“Oops, team leader. I’m sorry.”

“Check the floor as well.”

It was a clear indication to check the carpet. This was enough. I had confirmed two facts:

Firstly, Elizabeth knew the monster’s location. Secondly, she wasn’t distinguishing Oliver from us and intended to eliminate him.

Right then, Cha Jincheol ‘accidentally’ pushed Elizabeth hard towards the carpet.

Elizabeth was nearly knocked unconscious and hastily jumped back, immediately drawing her gun!  But it was too late.

“Grandma told you, don’t step on the carpet with your shoes on!”

The monster emerged from the carpet and grabbed Elizabeth’s legs with both hands.

“Shut up, you brat.”

Before it could do anything else, Cha Jincheol grabbed the monster’s neck and dragged it out with brute force. 

The monster’s form was quite hideous once it was pulled out of the carpet. Its upper body resembled a human old woman, but its lower body was just a random mass of flesh.

Cha Jincheol casually opened the old woman monster’s mouth and shoved a star into it.  Less than three seconds later, the monster was transformed into a bizarre mixture of wriggling dirt, metal, and flesh. 

“Watch out, team leader.”

“Cha Jincheol! That’s my line!  You suddenly pushed me -”

“If I hadn’t, you would have been dragged to the floor by the monster and died. Aren’t you grateful?”

“… I’m grateful for that part. But you should be more careful with your actions.”

“I’m going to be.  Now, we need to subdue the most dangerous entity.”

“What -”

— Clunk!

Cha Jincheol immediately grabbed Elizabeth tightly with both hands.  Kim Mookseong rushed forward, removing her helmet and bulletproof vest, and Eunsol tied her to the chair with a sturdy rope she had prepared.

Naturally, there was one person who wouldn’t just sit there and watch.

“What are you all doing? What’s going on?”

Oliver, horrified, charged towards them, but Songyi subdued him with a few flicks of her wrist.

Second attempt. We subdued both NPCs.

As things settled down, Songyi approached.

“Ari, what should we do with Oliver?”

“I don’t know. He doesn’t seem to be on the same side as Elizabeth. He also wanted to feed Oliver to the monster, just like he did to us.  But I’m not sure if we can trust him.”

The other team members gathered around the subdued Elizabeth, muttering amongst themselves.  They had been ready to torture Elizabeth before entering the cube, but such tasks aren’t for just anyone.  In fact, such brute methods weren’t even necessary.

“Hold her tight. We need to make prolonged eye contact.”

“Got it.”

While holding Elizabeth’s eyes open so she couldn’t close them, I used the strongest suggestion I could, maintaining eye contact for about three minutes. 

“Okay! You’re ready to answer honestly now, right?”

“…”

“First question. How do we get to the lab safely?”

“What are you talking about?”

“The space beyond the TV display in the room with a TV. How do we get there safely?”

“I don’t understand what you’re asking.”

I turned my head slightly to check on Elena. She immediately drew an ‘O’. It means she’s telling the truth.  Elizabeth wasn’t lying because she was resisting my suggestion.

“Let’s change the question. Your teammate is trapped somewhere. The surroundings are white, and people in white clothes are walking around. Do you know this place?”

“Are you talking about HQ?”

“Okay. Now let’s use your favorite term ‘HQ’.  Isn’t the space beyond the TV your HQ?”

“That’s right.”

“How do we get there safely?”

“I don’t understand.  What danger are you referring to?”

The answer was basically, ‘There’s no danger, so what are you curious about?’. Even she sounded frustrated with the answer. The conversation keeps going off track.

Songyi urged impatiently from the side.

“Why don’t you just tell her to tell us everything she knows about the cube?”

Mookseong, who knows about suggestions, stopped her.

“If you ask her that, she’ll just give rambling and incoherent answers.  You have to ask specific questions.”

“Just stay quiet everyone else. Elizabeth, explain how to get to HQ through the TV.”

“Wear earplugs and turn on the TV. Close your eyes and walk through the screen about 200 meters straight, and you’ll arrive at isolation facility 13-4 within HQ.”

… That answer is a bit strange, isn’t it?

My teammates were delighted by the seemingly simple solution and started chattering. Jincheol was the first to speak.

“Wait, is all we need to do is close our eyes?”

Songyi also reacted with a wry smile.

“It’s so easy? Wow!  I thought some ingenious solution would be needed.”

Elena seemed unconvinced.

“This entity is so powerful that just looking at it is enough to drive you insane, but you’re telling me we just need to close our eyes?”

Seungyeop was happy despite it all.

“Earplugs! It’s similar to the solution I came up with! Isn’t it? Isn’t it?  Earplugs and sound insulation work on the same principle! It’s about not hearing the sound from the TV.”

Mookseong sighed and praised him.

“Yes, good job, good job.  But it’s strange….  It’s impossible for such a transcendent being to be defeated by simply closing your eyes.”

Elena was confused.

“I agree with Grandpa, but Elizabeth isn’t lying.”

It’s strange. I felt a sense of unease in her answer just now. There was something important hidden in her answer that even she herself didn’t realize. But I didn’t have time to ponder over that unease.

“Sis!  The devil girl! Ask her what kind of entity she is!”

“I’ll ask, so be quiet.  Elizabeth, there’s a mansion with a mirror that leads to the outside world that you pass by many times, right?”

“That’s right.”

“There’s a very powerful being behind that mirror, right?”

“Are you referring to Lady Beatrix?”

“Beatrix? What kind of being is she?”

“…”

“What kind of being is she?”

“You’re talented, aren’t you?  Is it powerful hypnotism?”

The suggestion suddenly broke! It broke without any warning, and before I could react, Elizabeth’s whole body turned translucent, and her body twisted strangely.

— Gulp!

Her skin was shaking disgustingly, as if it were a piano keyboard, and Elizabeth suddenly exerted immense strength, tearing off all the ropes and breaking free from us.

Cha Jincheol immediately ran to grab her. In the next moment, a tongue the size of a human forearm shot out of Elizabeth’s mouth like a frog’s and flew towards the wall to the left of the clock hanging in the mansion. 

“What is this? She’s not attacking us. Why is she suddenly targeting the wall -”

— Rumble!

The wall where the tongue collided collapsed.  An unknown button was hidden behind the collapsed wall.  Everyone’s expressions turned pale at the sight.

She’s up to something!

At that point, I gave up on questioning Elizabeth any further.

“Jincheol! Kill her!”

Jincheol immediately snapped Elizabeth’s neck with both hands.  He didn’t think that was enough, so he briefly summoned a star and turned her already hideous body into solid rock. 

— Rumble! Roar!

The entire mansion shook.  Something terrible was about to happen.

“Everyone, come this way!”

Everyone ran towards the back door, following Seungyeop’s urgent voice.  Ah, we’re following his lead again, as always. There’s no choice now. I just hope it’s not another death trap room.

Just before we closed the back door, we saw some absurd entity smashing through the wall and coming over.  I didn’t feel like checking, so I closed the back door and ran to the next mansion. 

*

— Kim Ari

“Huff, huff, huff. Are you all okay?”

Everyone was gasping for breath, but they seemed fine.  Ugh, I’m disappointed. I still had a bunch of questions I wanted to ask!

It’s hard to understand. I knew about her ability to turn transparent, but she has the power to transform into a monster? She didn’t even use that power when she fought us during the first attempt. Plus, the power to break suggestions!  What the hell is going on?

Oliver, who had managed to break free from Songyi’s restraint, was also gasping for breath beside us.  Everyone’s gaze naturally turned to him.

“What, what is this? I’m not a spy.”

Elena nodded, and Mookseong calmly answered after confirming it.

“We think so too. Elizabeth tried to harm you as well.”

“I didn’t know before.  I could never have imagined Elizabeth being a spy?  A traitor?  How did you know?  And what is all this about TV and HQ?”

It’s hard to answer. Since we have more people on our side, Mookseong simply dismissed it.

“Should I give you a three-day, four-night explanation here? We’ll discuss it in detail when we get out.  By the way, do you have anything to say?”

Oliver answered nervously, fearing us, especially Cha Jincheol.

“If I have to say something… the only word I understood from your conversation with Elizabeth was ‘Beatrix’.”

!!! Did he understand the most important word?

I immediately ran to him.

“What is it? Tell me everything you know about Beatrix, without leaving out a single detail.”

Cha Jincheol smiled kindly and placed his hand on Oliver’s shoulder.  His hand was still covered in chunks of flesh from ripping apart the old woman monster.

“You should avoid thinking too much. This is for your own good.”

Oliver trembled and began to answer miserably.

“Beatrix, or rather, chaos entity 1283, ‘Unfortunate Imagination’, is the official name.  She was the greatest achievement of the Arizona branch, which was once led by Chief Researcher Han Gain. They say that if the management bureau could fully control her abilities, she would be the ultimate weapon to protect the world.  That’s why the rampage of Beatrix and the disappearance of Chief Researcher Han Gain were an absolute tragedy….”

To be continued. 
