## Chapter 172 – Happy Dinner Time, What Was Room 201? (1) –  Han Gain Elena’s Acquired Superpower, This Was Such a Tiresome Ability!

Elena’s mouth was covered to prevent her from uttering any more strange sounds. Should we be thankful? The wolf’s howl was far from ordinary, causing the people ahead of us to sense the abnormality and turn back. 

“Gain! What’s going on? We’ve never seen a wolf like that before!”

“Elena must have created it.”

“What?”

“I’ll explain when we go down. Let’s go down for now!”

Roles were quickly assigned. Eunsol, wearing a protective suit, scooped up Elena and ran first. Jinchul stood guard at the back, on the lookout for the wolf’s attack.

… The wolf’s attack didn’t happen. Instead, something even more absurd occurred.

— Ding! Dong!

“Everyone, come in! Let’s go to the elevator – no, Songi? What is that?”

“Unnie, isn’t it cute? I named it Snow.”

“Songi! What are you talking about? It’s a monster wolf!”

“Noona, let’s go in first.”

Thankfully, the hotel elevator could accommodate all of us, including the monster wolf. Elena, the creator, was ignored as the giant wolf, having developed a bond with Songi, licked her hand enthusiastically. The wolf’s body wasn’t made of flesh and blood, but of eyes.

A scream echoed through the lobby soon after we reached the first floor.

… “Eh? Eh? Snow? Why is this happening?”

“… Why? It’s a wolf made of eyes, so it’s just melting.”

“Elena Unnie? Can’t we do anything about it?”

Elena turned awkwardly. Soon, the wolf vanished, and Songi became dejected. Pero rubbed its beak hard, but it couldn’t fill the void left by Snow. It was a sudden realization, but Songi really was a peculiar high school girl.

A ri questioned Elena. “Can you make other monsters? Like Snow 2 or something?”

“Don’t try to replace Snow!”

“Elena just made it out of eyes, right? She could make Snow 3 and Snow 4 too.”

“Ugh!”

“Ow! Don’t kick me!”

Elena, who had been silent until now, sighed. “I’m understanding ‘ominous imagination’ in real-time, but it’s a bit different from the power Beatrix used in the Cube. For example, the monsters Beatrix created existed forever, but the ones I make disappear naturally over time.”

“Isn’t that a benefit rather than a drawback?”

“Really?”

Elena’s expression brightened slightly as she stared intently at a picture frame in the hallway.

“Ugh!”

“Eh! Ga, Gain-ssi?”

She snatched a blanket used to make makeshift winter clothes and covered Elena’s eyes. Eunsol quickly grabbed Elena’s hand and started pulling her away. 

“Good job. Elena, stop having strange thoughts and go to Room 105 to sleep.”

Whatever was about to ‘leap out’ of the picture frame subsided. Ari and I spoke at the same time.

“She’ll be really tired for a while…”

“She’ll have a lot of fun for a while!”

Ari’s face was beaming. I wanted to kick her too.

* As always, seeing the table laden with delicious food brightened everyone’s faces.

“Unnie? What about Elena?”

“She’s too tired, she said she’ll just sleep.”

During the enjoyable meal, the topic everyone was curious about was Room 201. Eunsol, taking a bite of garlic bread, was the first to ask.

“Gain, it’s time to explain. How did you resolve everything? We heard some things on the way here, but it was hard to understand even after hearing it.”

“Hmm… Let me briefly explain the facts, and we can discuss the difficult parts.”

“Okay.”

“In the 1980s, the 0-dimensional Eye appeared in the world and began causing great damage. The Administration determined they couldn’t defeat this being with force. At this point, the head researcher came up with an idea. The 0-dimensional Eye was an entity that enjoyed watching humans suffer cruelly, so they would create a small hell where that cruel suffering would endlessly repeat and offer it as a gift.”

“Many opposed it, but it was carried out, and surprisingly, it worked.”

“It worked?”

“According to my memory, the 0-dimensional Eye was locked inside the small hell, or the Cube.”

Ari nudged me. “Don’t stop, next, next.”

“However, the operation of that hell eventually reached its limits. Internally, naturally, there were those who said, ‘Isn’t this crossing the line?’ Patrick was a representative of them. Externally, the 0-dimensional Eye began showing signs of wanting to go outside. The head researcher believed this to be the ‘0-dimensional Eye getting bored.’”

Jinchul, with a bored expression, asked. “That’s where that Beatrix came from?”

“Yes. Although Beatrix seems to be a separate being unrelated to the 0-dimensional Eye or the Cube, the head researcher considered her to be someone who could solve the Cube’s problems. What were the Cube’s problems, again?”

Ari answered, “There were two. First, people on the operating side started questioning if this was crossing the line. Second, people on the audience side started saying it was boring.”

“The head researcher saw Beatrix as the answer to both problems. First, if the monsters Beatrix creates replace the killing facilities within the Cube, the number of people required to operate the Cube will drastically decrease. Second, she could kill people in various ways that were unimaginable, increasing the 0-dimensional Eye’s satisfaction. That’s the idea, more or less.”

The colleagues who had been listening blankly looked stunned. Jinchul, unable to take it anymore, said, “I’ve never heard such a crazy story in my life.”

“Me neither.”

“Hey, Grandpa. Say something. Did the Administration really do such a thing?”

Mookseong Grandpa, after looking bewildered for a long time, replied, “I swear on my name, although my name isn’t much, I’ve never heard of such an extreme case.”

Ari began to look vaguely perplexed. 

My sister lightly tapped me again. “Now, even if it did happen, it’s not something to argue about here. Gain, tell us more.”

“There was a major flaw in the head researcher’s grand scheme. It was something overlooked because of his characteristic ‘view of all humans as tools.’ Beatrix wasn’t just a demon who created monsters. She was a girl who longed for freedom and happiness.”

“… That ordinary girl image never occurred to me.”

“I’m saying that side also existed. Of course, she had a cruel side too. Anyway, Beatrix had no intention of becoming a slave who endlessly made monsters in the Cube. Realizing this, the head researcher locked Beatrix away in the sealing zone, leaving only her brain.”

At that point, Songi spit out the meat she was eating. “The story keeps getting more and more nauseating. This wasn’t something to talk about while eating.”

Eunsol, focusing all her attention, asked. “But the rebellion succeeded in the end, right?”

“It did. Beatrix couldn’t rebel alone, but Patrick’s cooperation made the problem bigger. Even the head researcher anticipated Beatrix’s rebellion and prepared a response, but Patrick was a long-time confidant. He didn’t think he would go so far as to start a rebellion. In the end, the 0-dimensional Eye’s sealing zone fell into the hands of Beatrix and Patrick, and some time after that, we entered Room 201.”

“The middle part I understand. We did it, after all. Briefly summarizing, we went through the Cube, found a TV connected to the headquarters’ research lab, went to the lab, caused a commotion, and woke the head researcher again. What happened after that?”

“Nothing special. A kind of rebellion suppression. We took out most of the rebels, and the remaining ones were mostly killed when the 0-dimensional Eye descended. The head researcher, awakened again, sealed Beatrix’s brain, so she wouldn’t even think about rebelling, in the Cube itself, in a box with no connection to the outside world.”

“And Beatrix endlessly creates monsters in that box? The Administration keeps throwing in people?”

“That’s about right.”

Ari, who had been listening quietly for a long time, spoke up. “It sounds strange, but if you take out the sensational parts, it’s a relatively simple story.”

The others turned their eyes to Ari this time.

“Think about it without the sensational elements like death traps and humans being fed to monsters. It was a sealed facility containing an evil god that had fallen into the hands of rebels, and it was recovered by the Administration. That’s how it’s resolved.”

It was a very rough summary, but it made sense. Songi, who had already stopped eating, tilted her head and asked.

“So… what exactly was the ‘curse’ of Room 201? We initially thought it was the Cube, but it turned out to be a sealing facility, and the curse was lifted by completely restoring the Cube.”

Ari gave a simple answer. “The root of the curse was the 0-dimensional Eye, and the Cube, which sealed the 0-dimensional Eye, was in the hands of the rebels. Wasn’t that the problem we had to solve?”

Should we interpret it that way? Based on the revealed facts, it doesn’t seem like a completely wrong interpretation, but there’s something that doesn’t feel right. While everyone pondered, Eunsol, who had been thinking for a long time, spoke up.

“We’ve been interpreting Room 201 from the perspective of the ‘head researcher’ since earlier. Now that we’re talking about it, let’s think about it from a different angle. The head researcher himself admitted that his solution was an incomplete solution in terms of the hotel.”

I added a bit of explanation. “Yes. He thought it was a 30-point solution out of 100, in terms of the hotel. It was my own thought, but I had merged with that past head researcher by more than half, so you can consider it his thinking.”

“Why such a low score?” Jinchul replied in a baffled tone. “Noona, is that even a question? If a solution involves endlessly throwing people to a demon as food, wouldn’t it be even weirder if it got a high score? I’m more surprised that such a method was considered a ‘solution.’”

“No, think about it carefully. The evaluator is the hotel. Do you guys think this hotel considers human life precious? It’s a place that doesn’t consider human life precious… Why would the hotel care if dozens or hundreds of people are fed to a demon? That’s just a small problem for the hotel.”

… It felt like I got hit on the back of the head with a hammer, and everyone fell silent.

“I’ve never seen a place that takes human life so lightly as this hotel. And if it’s just a matter of ‘mere humans,’ would throwing dozens or hundreds of people to a demon be a serious issue for the hotel?”

… “Also, there’s been something strange since earlier. According to the head researcher, the 0-dimensional Eye is a being who enjoys watching humans suffer, but if it’s really such a being, why did it go into the Cube willingly and be satisfied? I don’t understand the psychology of such a psychopathic god, but wouldn’t it be more fun to watch 8 billion humans on Earth suffer than just a few hundred dying in a cramped Cube?”

… “This is what I couldn’t understand. Maybe I’m not used to the Administration’s ‘occult way of thinking’ and I’m thinking too ‘business-like,’ but…”

Ari summarized. “So, you’re saying this, right? First, there’s no place that disregards human life like the hotel. The head researcher is trying to save the Earth, so it’s understandable that he might sacrifice some people. Why is he getting such a low score for such a small thing? Second, why would an evil god who enjoys the suffering of humanity not play with the whole Earth, but just watch a single Cube? What’s that about?”

“That’s right.” Songi bowed her head. “I… I can’t follow this conversation.”

On the other hand, Eunsol and Ari seemed to be getting more and more absorbed in the conversation.

“I came up with a logic that can solve these questions.”

Ari asked with a very curious expression. “Really, what is it? I’ve been feeling this since earlier, but you should quit boring jobs like the Dae Yang Group after you leave the hotel and come over to our side.”

“… We’ll talk about that when the time comes. I think the 0-dimensional Eye’s strange behavior can be easily explained by ‘business-like’ understanding. On the contrary, the head researcher fell into a trap because he was too ‘occult.’ That’s why the hotel gave such a low score.”

To be continued. 
