## Chapter 173 - Happy Dinner Time, What Was Room 201 After All? (2) Fin –

“A business perspective?” In a situation that’s about as far from ‘business’ as you can get, the word ‘business’ popped up. Even Songi, who was about to throw up, couldn’t contain her curiosity and began to focus. Her older sister continued her explanation.

“I think the way the Zero Dimension Eye operates is very similar to ‘fish farming’. The ocean is vast, almost endless, with countless fish within it. But even with a vast number of fish, if humans keep catching them endlessly, there will be none left, from the young to the adults. In the end, humans had to start ‘fisheries management’.”

“Fisheries management…”

“From the Zero Dimension Eye’s perspective, it could have descended to Earth and toyed with eight billion humans, but considering its madness and endless magic, how long would Earth last if it did that? Would it even last a year? It knows that, which is why the Zero Dimension Eye also restrained itself. It's like a long-term plan to suck up Earth for a hundred years or a thousand years.”

Ari sighed and replied, “If you’re right, then the Chief Researcher is like a talking fish proposing to a fish farmer. It’s like saying, we’ll make a fish farm ourselves and let you suck it up for hundreds or thousands of years, so please manage the fisheries resources.”

“Exactly. The Zero Dimension Eye accepted that proposal. How good is that? If they killed all the fish, they might go extinct, but it’s annoying to manage things to prevent extinction. Then, a talking fish comes directly to them and says, ‘We’ll build a fish farm ourselves and even manage it for you.’ From the perspective of the human fish farmer, the evil god would have been delighted.”

“Let's assume the Zero Dimension Eye restrained itself because of that. If so, why is it only 30 points even though humanity’s survival was ensured through fisheries management?” Eunseol’s older sister suddenly looked into the distance with a slightly wistful expression.

“My father… he’s not a good person, humanly speaking.”

Father? Suddenly?

“However, he’s a man with undeniable insight as a businessman. He often says, ‘Stagnation is decay.’ It’s a common saying, you know.”

“Stagnation is decay.”

“Businessmen don’t like the situation of just maintaining their current business. They always dream of expanding. The Zero Dimension Eye must have also dreamed of expansion. It put pressure on the Management Bureau once, and they willingly provided the fish farm. Would it have stopped at just once?”

Everyone was speechless.

“Once would have led to twice, twice to thrice. Ultimately, wouldn’t the entire Earth become a giant ‘farm of suffering’ to feed the evil god? That’s why, no matter how high-end the hotel that advocates human life disregard is, it’s a solution that can’t be given more than 30 points.”

Eunseol’s older sister put a period on the hypothesis in the cold silence that had settled.

“Don’t forget, all of this is just my interpretation. Just as the Chief has his own interpretation, I have mine.”

It makes sense. While it may not be a 100% perfect interpretation, it feels like it’s closer to the truth than the Chief’s interpretation. Of course, this is not because my older sister is a genius compared to the Chief, but because unlike him, who had to find a solution from zero, we’re making judgments from a kind of future perspective.

Finally, one question arose in my mind.

“Room 201 has already been judged resolved, so there’s no need to try again, but let’s think about it lightly, considering it a review for the future. What would have been a better solution?”

My older sister thought hard again and replied, “I thought about that too… and I came up with two things.”

Ari immediately asked, “Two? I couldn’t even come up with one! Tell me.”

“Number 1. ‘Minions of Evil’ operation.”

“What?”

“From the experience of Room 102 and Room 103, it seems like there are quite a few intelligent life forms in the universe, besides us. The Management Bureau seems to already know about this.”

That much is certain. Even Ari’s grandfather didn’t deny it.

“We offer a proposition to the Zero Dimension Eye. We humans will become your minions. We’ll offer up alien races in exchange.”

…My head spun. Ari replied, somewhat disappointed, “That doesn’t feel right… Tell me about the next operation.”

“Number 2. ‘I Use You to Defeat You’ operation. Again, from the hotel experience, I’ve felt that there are endless evil beings.”

“That’s true. Honestly, I wonder how Earth has survived so long.”

“What if we brought in another demon and made them fight? Among demons, wouldn’t there be one that says, ‘No! I’m going to eat humans, who are you to eat everything?’”

Ari sighed heavily this time. “That operation would be countered by ‘a shrimp getting crushed in a fight between whales’… The Management Bureau would never try that. As you said, it might be possible to make evil beings fight each other, but if demons who think lightly of stars fight and stew on Earth, would there be any humans left alive?”

“Ugh! I just thought of it in a moment! Stop picking at it and tell me your thoughts.”

At that, Ari fell silent again. This time, her grandfather opened his mouth.

“I’ve thought of something too. How about the ‘Deception’ operation?”

“Deceive the Zero Dimension Eye? How do you intend to deceive it?”

“No, it’s not deceiving the Zero Dimension Eye, but deceiving humanity.”

“What?”

“Remember the countermeasure against the Zero Dimension Eye? ‘Not perceiving it’ worked surprisingly well.”

“Yes.”

“Let’s spread memory erasing agents across the entire Earth and erase all memories of the Zero Dimension Eye.”

“…But wouldn’t the Zero Dimension Eye become as big as the entire sky in the final moments? Unless it’s covering the entire sky, how can you prevent people from perceiving it even though it’s clearly visible?”

“Is that so? I died before seeing that part. Let’s make all of humanity visually impaired for a few years… Mom, this is crazy even for me.”

“What about covering the Earth with a barrier so that the Zero Dimension Eye can’t be seen?!”

“Songi, let’s just move the Earth outside the solar system.”

“It’s better for all of humanity to commit suicide than to live as slaves to the demon.”

“That definitely sounds like a 0-point solution.”

…After that, our teammates kept coming up with increasingly crazy ideas. Most of them seem like fundamentally misguided solutions. Why is that? Why do these kinds of solutions make me feel like they’re wrong as soon as I hear them?

… — Bang! Bang!

“Please, listen to me for a moment.” Everyone’s gaze turned to me.

“I think we’ve been given a kind of exam problem.”

“That’s a pretty exam-like way to put it.”

“What I’m saying is, when it comes to exam problems, you always have to consider the examiner’s intention, and the examiner’s intention is usually based on the passage.”

“Based on the passage… was there any basis in Room 201?”

“Yes. So, I don’t think it makes sense to suddenly bring in another demon, or make all of humanity visually impaired, without any basis. Also, it needs to be a solution that ‘we’ can do, if possible.”

“Was there any basis related to a better solution inside Room 201?”

“This is just my opinion. It’s hard to know exactly what the Zero Dimension Eye wants, but it seems to want pain more than human death. There’s quite a bit of evidence related to this. It’s also the judgment made directly by the Chief. Also, as my older sister said, if it’s a being that can be interpreted ‘business-wise’, it’s not a being that simply acts for amusement. It’s likely a being that gains some kind of benefit from the pain of mortals.”

Eunseol’s older sister immediately agreed, “I think so too. If it was a being that truly pursued ‘amusement’… well, it would have acted more impromptu, wouldn’t it? Because ‘amusement’ is the opposite of boredom, and can only be felt when the unpredictable is realized.”

“In addition, the Management Bureau’s technology in Room 201 already allowed them to leave only the brain alive.

Songi started to make that expression again, like she was about to say something.

“Wasn’t it the Chief’s prejudice that people had to be actually killed by exposing them to monsters? If the Zero Dimension Eye wants pain, wouldn’t it be much more efficient and reduce the actual deaths of people to create a bunch of tanks where people are left with only their brains and given endless pain? This would be, like, a ‘pain production’ level.”

Ari tilted her head and asked, “Don’t we need the process of pain as well? And you said ‘we’ need to be able to do something, right? What you just said feels like it’s entirely dependent on the Management Bureau. Of course, you were like the head of the Management Bureau at the time, so it would have been believable for you to promise to do it yourself.”

“Actually, I was holding back on that part because Songi kept wanting to throw up.”

Songi immediately interjected, “I already understand, so just don’t say it.”

“We could have made a kind of finished product to show them. After all, we already had Beatrix’s floating brain. Songi could have given a more hellish illusion to the floating brain and proposed this method.”

Ari muttered sarcastically, “If that demon is a truly eco-friendly businessman who aims for ‘sustainable pain development’, it’s an offer they would probably accept. Since it’s possible to avoid human death, it would be much easier to increase the size of the fish farm, and ultimately, it’s the same situation where the fish farm is built by the fish themselves.”

My older sister seems to be thinking back on something and then said, “Is that a possible method? I mean, we had to risk Songi’s life to give Gain a buff to enter the sealed area.”

“That was a problem caused by not being able to save Patrick. Because we had to break the machine that Jincheol oppa used the star to forcefully control the irregular polyhedron, we had to do it in such a forceful way. If we had saved Patrick, there would have been a safer way to enter the sealed area.”

Ari nodded, “It’s not a baseless story. Beatrix’s brain was in the sealed area, right? Naturally, there must have been facilities to maintain the floating brain. The Chief Researcher wouldn’t have carried all of that by hand, would he?”

“If we saved Patrick and manipulated the machine, we could have entered more safely. Entering safely, Songi could give the floating brain an eternal torture illusion…”

“No! I’m not doing that!”

The conversation paused for a moment as Songi protested vehemently.

Was that really the only way? Ultimately, it’s no different from finding a solution that provides what the demon wants. We just tried to think of a way where fewer humans would die in the process. A vague thought popped into my mind. I don’t think even this kind of method would get more than 60 points. Fundamentally, we lack power, and humanity as a whole lacks power. Ultimately, there’s a limit to the answers a fish can give in front of a fish farmer. For the first time, I understood why the Management Bureau risked human lives to challenge the hotel. 

Another concern arose. If we encounter another extreme solution like today as we progress through the second floor… I don’t think some of us would ever do it. Songi’s fierce resistance a moment ago. It was just a situation where we were listing if stories, so it ended as a mere complaint, but what would have happened if we actually had to do it? 

After the dinner time, the hotel sent a notification.

/Dear valued customers! Congratulations! You have finally overcome the first trial of the second floor and gained another treasure! We sincerely congratulate you. Three days of rest starting tomorrow! It’s a power that’s not easy to use, so you’d better practice diligently, wouldn’t you? Today’s surprise event: Party Time! is about to begin. There is additional information. 1. Please take out your ticket and check the notification immediately. 2. The extreme cold of the second floor is getting worse. Don’t you need to prepare for it? / Continue to next chapter
```