## Chapter 155 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘□ □□’ (4) – Kim Ari

Thanks to the power of the Nightmare Butterfly, the gorilla was starting to suffer from intense drowsiness and mental agony. Mukseong and I rushed over, firing countless bullets into the twisted skin of the gorilla.  — Bang!  Another Elizabeth!  Mukseong staggered, clutching his shoulder. We hurriedly moved to a position where we could use the gorilla's body as a shield. Thankfully, the gorilla was now semi-disabled. The invisible people are here too! On one side of the white space, bullets rained down to end the gorilla's life, while on the other, a strange bloodbath of invisible people began. 

"What the hell is this guy's durability? Haven't we pumped over 50 rounds into him? He's still wriggling!" Mukseong stood up with a pained expression. "Even in its current state, I believe it will die with time. But the killing blow will have to be a headshot, right?" Mukseong went to the collapsed gorilla's head, pushed the barrel of his gun into its eye, and pulled the trigger.  Only then did the gorilla's writhing completely stop.  What a truly disgusting vitality! I sighed and turned my head, only to find that the battle between the invisible people was proceeding in a surprisingly amusing manner. Elizabeth couldn’t find Eunsol’s location and was repeatedly wasting bullets in the air. Eunsol was only able to hold his breath when Elizabeth looked in the wrong direction. Conversely, it seemed that Eunsol could sense Elizabeth's position even though she had become invisible with the power of her eyes, but he was simply not a good shot, making the fight drag on. This precarious balance would eventually end with the arrival of reinforcements. As Mukseong and I approached from a distance, surrounding Elizabeth to narrow the invisible person’s range of movement, Elizabeth suddenly revealed herself and took off her helmet. — Bang!  A single gunshot ended the chaotic battle.

"Tch! This damn -"

"Mukseong. The kids are here."

"Ahem. I went through hell because of this crazy woman. Jincheol will be so disappointed." Eunsol was checking the conditions of Song Yi and Seungyeop, who were lying on the floor. As she hurriedly removed Song Yi's bulletproof vest, she found several large, bluish bruises on her upper body, each the size of an adult male hand. Song Yi sighed and stood up. The examination of Seungyeop's condition after removing his bulletproof vest was even more serious. Even wearing a bulletproof vest, he couldn't completely block the impact of the gorilla's overwhelming punch. He was gasping for breath, barely conscious, and slowly began to move after a while. Escape is already out of the question. But we have to escape at least. At least there's the escape button to think about. It’s possible we could survive with that button if necessary. Eunsol returned.

"Ari, you were right... I'm sorry."

"It’s alright. In the next round, let’s go straight for Elizabeth's neck."

"Let's take her gun first this time. She committed suicide right away, so we didn’t even get to learn anything." Looking around, I realized that there were three exits in this strange space, including the entrance. Seungyeop should be the one to choose again, right? Eunsol said with a curious look.

"This room must be a dud."

"Yes. On the other hand, it means the rooms we’ve been through so far were, surprisingly, the right answers. We’ve always assumed the rooms were wrong because there was a monster in each one, but compared to this room, they were paradise." Song Yi approached with a tired expression.

"Ari! I'm sorry…"

"It’s alright. It was a confusing situation."  Regardless of everyone's apologies, I took a moment to reflect. Our party is inherently 'conflict-averse'. This tendency undoubtedly contributed greatly to the unity of the party, but it also becomes a factor that makes us hesitant in moments when we need to make a 'bold decision,' like just now. That’s probably why they didn't agree with my opinion, even though it seemed extreme from their perspective. I based my judgment on my intuition, and I wasn’t able to provide sufficient justification. I understood their point of view, so I didn't have any particular complaints about the other members. However… — Bang! I smacked Mukseong on the head, who had been hovering nearby, and sent him a private message.

*Kim Ari: You should have sided with me! This guy has survived on my intuition numerous times, even outside, and he doesn’t listen to me? If only this guy had sided with me, the others would have followed along and agreed!*

Mukseong chuckled, despite his age. "But there's a scary story I need to tell you."

"We're already in a terrifying situation, but go on."

"This gorilla, it had a kind of 'master'."

"..."

"After my affinity was strengthened, I said I could read the Chaos Entity’s mind a little, right?"

"It didn’t seem like the gorilla was particularly friendly towards you."

"I’m telling you. It had a master. It even seemed really afraid of its master. When the gorilla collapsed after being affected by the butterfly, it strongly remembered 'someone' and was afraid it would get scolded. Its master probably commanded it to kill anyone who entered."

It was both scary and truly exhausting. A being that could subjugate even such an overwhelming monster as a minion. He must be our adversary. Where in the world does he live and what does he do? Don’t we deserve to see his face at this point? I sighed and turned my head. Seungyeop, who was much worse off than Song Yi, was still gasping for breath and couldn’t even stand on his own. He needed to rest and recover. As I was thinking about that, text appeared on the walls surrounding us.

*MOVE!*  Should we follow that? Looking around, I saw that my companions were also unsure.  Song Yi couldn't take it anymore and asked, "Who is writing these letters? At first, I felt like it was some kind of hotel notification, so we all naturally followed it. But, in reality, it doesn’t seem like a hotel would display notifications in a place like this."

Surprisingly, Mukseong, who initially didn’t want to be played by the enemy, stood up without hesitation. "Well, even if it wasn't those letters, we should be moving now. Before our guide completely passes out, we should move while he's still able to give us directions."

Our guide. Seungyeop, no matter how you look at it, doesn’t seem like he’ll be able to recover just by resting.  If he’s left alone without proper treatment, he might die instead of getting better. Even if he doesn’t die, if he loses consciousness, it's a huge problem in our current situation.  As Mukseong said, we'll be without a guide if Seungyeop faints. Seungyeop moved his hand, which wouldn't even lift properly, in a vague gesture, then threw a coin. — Ting!  The coin rolled for a long time before hitting a door on one wall. Mukseong put on his bulletproof vest, picked Seungyeop up, and we started to move again.

*We continuously traversed five and six mansions in a short time. In the process, we destroyed a toaster that spewed out living bread and a closet where a murderer was hiding. Once we established a method to deal with the camouflage rooms where monsters were hiding, it was not difficult to overcome them. However, no matter how many times we overcame them, it was just another mansion that appeared. In the end, we were exhausted and sat down after destroying the moving clock in the seventh mansion. Seungyeop seemed to have reached his limit and fell asleep like he was unconscious.

"What should we do?"

"We can't keep going on endlessly like this. It’s already the seventh one. Even if we go through, it's the eighth, and after that, the ninth."  A conversation between Song Yi and Eunsol, both exhausted.  Among them, I thought about 'luck'. It was a power that was more difficult to explain than anyone's blessing. Seungyeop said his patron was a childish god, didn’t he? Luck has many characteristics, but there is one important keyword. It's 'belief'. The stronger the self-belief, the more actively and usefully one can use luck. Paradoxically, luck is also the hardest blessing to believe in.  Because it’s all about picking something by instinct, without any logic. Even Seungyeop himself starts to doubt if he starts to make even one or two mistakes. And once he starts to doubt, luck becomes powerless. Another problem is that the beneficiary themselves don’t know if the blessing is working right now. I thought about what happened in the Gate room and the Jekyll and Hyde game. Was it the second? Or the third? Seungyeop suddenly felt burdened and didn’t choose Hyde. He himself realized that he hadn't 'chosen', and we thought so too. But after time has passed, when we think about it again, that 'non-selection' was also a choice. Seungyeop was Hyde himself, so he couldn't choose someone else.  But how could we understand the choice made in that way at the time? From a future perspective where we know the result, we can say, 'Ah! Luck's choice was right then, too!' But from the present perspective, we don’t even know if luck is working. I remembered the prophet of Troy from Greek and Roman mythology. He received the gift of perfect foresight, but he was cursed so that no one would believe his prophecy.  Luck is strangely similar to that power. The blessing that emphasizes belief more than any other blessing is ironically the most difficult to believe in. 

…  Continuing that line of thought, I suddenly realized something.  In fact, even now. Even now, isn't this a situation created by the power of luck? As in the Jekyll and Hyde game, isn't ‘not being able to choose the next room because he’s unconscious’ also a choice? Or is this all just my delusion, retrospectively fitting things together? I got up to look around, watching my companions bandage Seungyeop and Song Yi, taking care of them.

* – Park Seungyeop

Ah…  It's hot. My whole body is burning like fire. It’s been a long time since I even felt like I could think about where or how it hurts. Ever since then, I’ve felt more tired and sleepy than I’ve felt pain. It seems like Grandpa Mukseong took off my bulletproof vest and was touching me all over, but he ended up putting it back on me. I tried to open my mouth.

"Grandpa…"

"Don’t talk. Here, drink this." Grandpa handed me a syringe filled with red liquid. "Is this the medicine of the century that Gained hyung was desperately searching for, Ari’s blood?"

"...You sound like you’re fine."

"I guess you’re still in one piece."

"Just leave me alone and take your bulletproof vest back. It’s a waste for someone like me who can’t even move to be wearing such a powerful tool."

"Be more confident."

"No, I can’t even move, so what -"

"Your luck still hasn’t sent you any signals. It didn’t even work in front of the gorilla. I think you have one more act to play."

"..."

After saying those words, Grandpa gave me the 'escape button' he was carrying. Where does his unwavering belief come from? After all, my luck didn’t always activate every time I was in danger, right?  Honestly, it feels like my patron activated it when he wanted to. Is it because I drank the medicine of the century?  For some reason, I feel a little more alive. I heard that the healing power was not that strong when Ari was fine, but it still has some effect. Or maybe it’s a placebo effect.  As I lay there in a daze, I felt like I understood Grandpa’s state of mind.  In fact, we’re in a pretty desperate situation. We’ve lost most of our manpower, everyone is exhausted, and we have no idea how to escape. In this situation, Grandpa’s last hope seems to be my luck. It’s not so much believing as wanting to believe.

I heard a loud noise, like something breaking somewhere. Grandpa jumped up in surprise. A notification appeared automatically for the first time in a long time.  Ari called it luck, didn’t she…  Grandpa calls it luck, and now you, patron, have decided to call it luck too? You change the wording every time.  Before, it was something like 777! This time, it’s the power of the universe.  Oh, I don’t know. The power of the universe is watching over me, so I guess it will be alright.  I just closed my eyes and relaxed.  I envied Gained hyung, who had been sleeping the whole time.

* – Kim Ari

I looked around, continuing my thoughts from before. Let's say that Seungyeop’s collapsed state itself is a choice made.  Why didn’t luck choose the next room? ... Because this room is the right answer! Hoping for a glimmer of hope, I searched my surroundings. I touched every item around me, checked the walls and tables. There was nothing unusual.  Was it just my imagination? As I dragged out time, a familiar message appeared on the mirror on the sink this time.  *Move!* Who in the world is sending this?  The party is already mentally and physically exhausted. Most importantly, Seungyeop, who’s supposed to be our guide, is having trouble even staying conscious.  We can’t follow these instructions anymore.  I pulled up my old blood and wrote.  ‘No!’

... ... ... 

So, you want to play?  Click to view illustration — Clank!  A hand rose from the mirror like a blade, piercing my body in an instant.

See next chapter. 
```