## Chapter 166 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (15) – Han Gain

“…There’s something I didn’t tell you.”
“What is it?”
“When I went outside the research center, there was a Management Bureau army, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Actually, I didn’t escape immediately after going outside. I saw the Management Bureau army fighting Beatrix.”
“You what?!” 
Everyone looked at Eunsol in surprise!
“No, it’s true. When I saw the Management Bureau army, I thought, what if they killed Beatrix while I was hiding somewhere and survived? Wouldn’t that solve everything?”
“That’s definitely a possibility. We don’t necessarily have to directly kill the antagonist ourselves. In Room 103, it was ‘The Devourer’ who killed Athanasia.”
“So, I hid right after going outside, even using my badge. The Management Bureau also recognized me and didn’t attack.”
Grandfather asked impatiently. “Oh, why is the preface so long? Who won?”
“If the Management Bureau had won, I wouldn’t have brought the inheritance out.”
“…”
“The Management Bureau initially seemed to be winning, blasting Beatrix’s body to pieces with firepower. But then, she nonchalantly rebuilt her body, and with a single yell, an army of immortal monsters poured out from the underground.”
We were speechless.
“The Management Bureau also fought well. They killed most of the monsters in some way. That’s how I escaped. But in the end, the battle was tilting towards Beatrix, so I ran without even taking a breath.” 
I barely managed to regain my composure and said, “Beatrix’s successful creations aren’t only in the Cube, are they?”
“Rather, I think the ones left in the Cube are the mediocre ones. The real ones are in the underground.” 
“…But do you think things will be solved if her true seal is released?” 
Eunsol slowly finished her coffee and answered with a surprisingly relaxed demeanor, “I’m actually more convinced after seeing that.”
“What are you convinced of?”
“Room 201 wasn’t designed to kill Beatrix with brute force.”
“It wasn’t a room to kill with brute force…”
“She’s too strong to defeat with sheer force. Even an organization dedicated to protecting the Earth lost when they brought their army, you know? I’m sorry to say this to you guys who tried to defeat Beatrix in the second attempt, but the Beatrix you fought so hard against was actually…”
Eunsol hesitated for a moment, but Elena finished her sentence, “Just playing with us. Her true ability is monster creation, and she buried the successful creations she created in the headquarters’ underground and didn’t even use them.”
“That’s right. She’s just playing with us. Beatrix never felt a real sense of crisis from us. And because she’s so strong, it’s even clearer. She’s not someone meant to be defeated by force. And the Hotel doesn’t give out impossible missions, right? It’s possible even though we can’t win with force. Simple, isn’t it? There’s a way to win without fighting. There must be.”

The Cursed Room, Room 102 – I recalled the Nebula Dragon’s fetus from the House of Terror. It was an impossible being to defeat normally. We managed to break through with the ‘Descent’ cheat key after the scenario twisted and turned multiple times, but in a normal progression, it was an opponent we wouldn’t have to fight at all. Beatrix is similar. If even the Management Bureau’s army collapsed, it’s essentially impossible for us to handle her with our current forces.
“Looking back, the ‘Observe and Reflect’ that Owl relayed twice probably had that meaning. It’s not a room designed to fight Beatrix, but why do we focus on that finger named Beatrix and only think of defeating her by force? Your words make sense, but if so, what should we do?” 
Eunsol pointed at me calmly, “Is the true solution really me? Do you think we can easily handle this with ‘Possession’?”
“That might be the case, but it’s probably not a problem solved by Possession. That’s also a kind of ‘solving it with force,’ and that seems wrong. Gain, can you possess your original body if its clone is right in front of you?”
It seems difficult. It’s like asking if you can possess someone on TV by watching them, and that’s impossible.
“I think I can only possess Beatrix’s clone or the monsters in front of me.”
“So, it seems like Gain, your Possession isn’t the answer either. There are countless monsters, and would it be meaningful to possess one of them? If you just use the monster army to destroy Gain’s body, Beatrix will win.” 
Ari, who was drinking a beverage next to me, answered. “I understand what Eunsol is saying. There’s no way to defeat Beatrix with force, we need to find a different solution.” 
Grandfather seemed to understand why Eunsol was so confident now, “The Head Researcher is the one who made Beatrix into this monster. If he’s not a fool, he would have prepared a way to control her. Of course, it seems like the method wasn’t perfect, but there must be a way.”
As I listened, I realized there was some basis for Eunsol’s belief that ‘things would be fine if only my seal was released.’ 
We can’t defeat Beatrix by force, and the Hotel doesn’t give out impossible missions. Using a game analogy, it’s like a boss monster with 99,999 HP and invincible cheat activated! At first, we fought head-on because we didn’t know any better. But after realizing her strength to some degree, we concluded that she wasn’t someone designed to be defeated through fighting. There must be a way to suppress her without fighting. 
The one who would have prepared that method is likely the Head Researcher, based on the circumstances. He’s the one who created the girl who could create monsters as easily as breathing and even experimented on her. There’s no way he wouldn’t have prepared a method of control.
“Were there any related documents in Patrick’s room regarding that method?”
Eunsol sighed lightly. “If I found it, I would have started with that. However, there’s circumstantial evidence.”
“Circumstantial evidence?”
“It was a kind of diary, and there were many records that Beatrix was afraid of the Head Researcher.”
I understand. If Beatrix, a monster with overwhelming power, was afraid, there must have been a reason to be afraid. 
Songi joined in, seemingly tired because of the late hour. “I think we’ve said almost everything we need to say amongst ourselves. Let’s quickly use Gain’s advice, shall we?”
I agree. We’ve said almost everything we needed to, and it’s getting late. It’s time to listen to the unwelcoming sponsor’s advice.
‘Would the Head Researcher have a way to subdue Beatrix?’ I think so, but it’s necessary to confirm it through advice. It’s a question about an area we’ve already gathered enough information to be half-convinced, so maybe that’s why the answer is quite welcoming! The answer not only confirms the existence of a way to subdue her, but also mentions that the method is near the owner of the dog, or the Head Researcher?
When I relayed the answer to my colleagues, everyone’s expressions brightened. Elena asked in wonder, “The answer is quite friendly, isn’t it? It didn’t even throw us a proverb?”
Now I know. “That’s because we gathered enough information among ourselves to reach the answer and asked for confirmation. When the answer is unwelcoming, it’s because we don’t know the answer due to lack of information and ask when we don’t know.”
“It makes sense, but it’s also absurd, isn’t it? We’re asking because we don’t know, but because we don’t know, they give us an unwelcoming answer.”
“Right.”
Before leaving the hotel, one of my wishes was to punch Owl at least once before leaving.
Eunsol said with a happy expression, “See! I told you! Circumstantially, Gain’s seal and the solution are bound to be closely related. You can’t beat her with force, but breaking it is possible. That means there’s a way to win without fighting, and the person who would have prepared that method wouldn’t be anyone other than the Head Researcher.”
As the team’s speculation and the advice’s results converged towards a consistent direction, my mind was also somewhat at ease. I used the remaining two pieces of advice for essential questions to solve the room.
…The content of the answers was within the expected range, but there were also surprising parts. I learned the location of Beatrix’s main body. I also understood why ‘I’ had to be sealed instead of other colleagues.

The Cursed Room, Room 201 – ‘The Cube.’
With this amount of information, I can solve everything within an hour after waking up.
*Date: Day 85 Current Location: Floor 1, Elevator Wise’s Advice: 3*
– Han Gain
“Can we solve it today?”
“I hope so.” 
Perhaps it was due to the long discussion yesterday that we gained a solution? I could see the tension and anticipation in my colleagues’ reactions.
“It’s morning, so we have new advice uses. Any questions?”
Eunsol answered firmly, “There are tons. So save them.” 
Actually, I was planning to save them anyway. It was just a polite question.
Our team’s plan is essentially focused on ‘releasing Han Gain’s seal,’ and we’ve gathered almost all the necessary information for it. What we don’t know is what to do after I wake up. 
There are many unknown aspects regarding what I should do after Han Gain, the Head Researcher, is released.  It’s something I’ll have to figure out myself after I wake up, using the Head Researcher’s memories. So, it would be better for my future self to use them.
– Ding! Dong!
An overwhelming chill swept through the elevator along with the alarm. This damn cold is a real problem! 
I suspect that a ‘Hotel Repair Event’ will occur after Room 201 is solved and the party starts, but how will it proceed? I have no idea. What kind of stupid hotel makes their guests do repairs?
“Everyone, let’s do this!”
Jincheol, who ran ahead and reached the door, shouted ‘fighting’ and opened the door. At that moment, I, who was running hard, was sucked into the door.
…
…
…
Bubbles rising from all directions. 
The familiar test tubes. 
People rushing outside. 
My consciousness starts to fade away soon after.
…
…
…
– Clank! 
Now, it’s time for the protagonist to make their move!
* – Third Attempt, Kim Ari
“Team Leader Elizabeth, this is the Hesbert Mansion.” 
“Hmm. You mean to tell me hundreds of people have already died in this place?” 
“At this rate, it will be in the thousands by next year.”
“We came here to prevent that, didn’t we? Go in.”
– Clunk!
“What was that sound?”
“Team Leader Elizabeth! The door’s locked!”
“What’s the meaning of this? Contact headquarters!”
“What? What’s going on? The signal’s cut off!”
– Beep beep beep! 
The initial progression is the same as before. The only difference is that we no longer have any intention of playing with Elizabeth? It’s better to dispose of her before she goes wild and starts doing weird stuff like summoning monsters from other rooms.
“Hey, Team Leader.”
“Cha Jincheol? Do you have a complaint -”
– Crack!
“The extra needs to make their exit.” 
Cha Jincheol immediately twisted Elizabeth’s neck 360 degrees and then watched for a while, just in case she might turn into a monster. Luckily, there were no changes after completely killing her. 
Of course, Oliver yelled loudly next to him, but Kim Muksung just beat him up so he couldn’t follow. I’m sorry, but this guy is better off just staying still.
Eunsol approached. “Let’s just follow the first route this time. We got to the TV room right away then, right?”
“Yeah. Underground in the first mansion, main gate in the second mansion. That led us straight to the TV room.”
We soon arrived at the TV room together. The Oath! began, and I immediately pressed mute to open the path to headquarters. It didn’t even take 10 minutes.
Cha Jincheol exclaimed in admiration, “That was smooth!”
“Don’t relax. We have to go all out once we enter the headquarters. There are quite a few special forces from headquarters beyond the TV.”
As Kim Muksung said, tension filled the air as we stood in front of the TV. Now, the real start! 
Once Gain releases her seal, and I find a way to subdue Beatrix using the Head Researcher’s memories, will this dreadful Cube finally be over? Everyone’s eyes are on me. Oh~ I know, but there’s only one way to safely enter the headquarters.
I sighed deeply and pulled out the syringe. “Please, at least pay me some money. You’re sucking people’s blood like this. I got the inheritance that grants the power of a vampire, but why do I only keep sucking blood?”
To Be Continued…