## Chapter 168 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (17) – Kim Ari

After securing Patrick, the journey to the third floor was smooth sailing. Most of the headquarters' military forces had already been destroyed by us, and the only remaining obstacle, Beatrice, was surprisingly late in arriving. Perhaps she was using a different passage than the TV portal we used? Who knows.

Patrick's condition grew increasingly strange. It was more than just a dazed feeling…

“Ah… Director, was this also part of your plan? How much of this is your design?”

“….”

“I've always been curious. What are you thinking? Are you truly working for humanity?”

“….”

It was too strange. This mindless babble had nothing to do with my suggestion. The others seemed increasingly uneasy. Song Yi couldn't hold it in anymore and asked,

“Ari…”

“What?”

“Why is this old man acting like this?”

I don’t know.

Finally, we arrived at the third floor. Eun Sol tried to refresh her memory and guide us, but it wasn't necessary. Patrick took the lead and began guiding us! I felt a sense of unease, but it felt strange to stop him. He was doing everything we asked. Was there a reason to stop him?

After about ten minutes, a complex and incomprehensible piece of machinery appeared before us. It was a huge facility, like something used to concentrate energy at a single point in a nuclear fusion power plant. In the center of the facility, inside a glass tube, floated a strange, reddish, multifaceted object, radiating a mysterious glow. And behind it – the tank everyone had been searching for.

As soon as they saw it, the group’s eyes widened and they ran towards it!

— *Bang!*

Just a few steps from the tank, Cha Jin Cheol crashed into something.

“What is this?” Elena exclaimed, reaching out her hand into the air. “There’s some kind of wall in the air?”

A tired voice replied, “It's a spatial barrier created using an irregular polyhedron. It may appear as if it's right in front of you, but it's completely different in reality. You can't do anything even if you swing your fist, so save your strength for the fight.”

… Everyone’s bewildered gaze fell on Patrick, and I finally couldn't hold back and asked, “These machines seem to be designed to manipulate irregular polyhedrons, right?”

“Yes. It's essentially the reason for the existence of this headquarters.”

“Patrick, you've been acting sane this whole time -”

— *Rumbling!*

The floor trembled like a trampoline, and a sharp figure shot up!

“Ugh! Agh!”

“Oh! What the -”

Finally, the being we feared most appeared!

As if timed perfectly with Beatrice’s arrival, the remaining military forces and researchers from all directions suddenly materialized, surrounding us. In an instant, a sharp tension filled the room.

Strangely, the girl who emerged from the floor, piercing it like jelly, didn’t even look at us. If her gaze could be filled with will, she would have already chopped a person into five pieces. Her gaze, filled with madness, was fixed on Patrick.

“Patrick! What are you doing? Don't even try to make the ridiculous excuse that you're brainwashed!”

“Beatrice…”

“What are you doing, I ask you!!!”

“It just came to mind. They entered the headquarters as if they knew everything about the facility, as if it were their own home. It means our information has already been leaked to the Administration.”

“….”

“How long can you hold out? What difference does it make if you kill them all? The next time, five times more soldiers will come.”

“Humph! Even if you send five times more! -”

“If you kill all of them, then there will be twenty-five times more next time.”

“….”

“This is the limit. The moment we were discovered, it was a lost game.”

“Ha! So, are you going to beg the Director to wake up? Are you going to ask to be re-admitted to the Administration? Even if you do, do you think they’ll forgive you?”

“… You still don't understand anything.”

“What?”

“Has it been more than ten years since you were freed from the lab? You've had enough time to figure out who the Director is, why he was the savior of the world and yet also a demon of the ages.”

“What… what are you saying -”

“Do you know why the Director raised you? You don't still believe the ridiculous excuse that he raised you to use the monsters you create as weapons, do you?”

An excuse? They raised him to use the monsters Beatrice created as weapons?  Not only were we taken aback by the sudden revelation, but Beatrice’s eyes widened in surprise as well!  Seeing that sight, Patrick wore an expression of exhaustion, but in a different sense.

“What kind of imbeciles use the power to create monsters that are 95% uncontrollable as a weapon? If they'd put that money and manpower into tanks, helicopters, drones, and infantry instead, they could have saved the nation three times over!”

He turned his back and walked towards the facility that controlled the floating polyhedron.  In the next instant, a complex situation unfolded. Beatrice, with a speed that was barely visible, flew towards Patrick and reached out her hand to do ‘something’. The golden wave that burst from Elena’s body and the vibrating scales repelled Beatrice, and the two of them intertwined wildly, bursting through the research facility and flying away. Tongues began to sprout from Patrick’s neck, and hands from his back.  Shocked, Lee Eun Sol and I rushed towards Patrick. The military forces pointed their rifles at us, and Cha Jin Cheol summoned stars to fight back.  At the same time, the researchers next to the military forces cried out in horror. 

“Please! Please, everyone calm down! For the sake of the world, please!”

By the time I came to my senses, Elena and Beatrice had disappeared, smashing through the building, the military forces and Cha Jin Cheol had begun a somewhat awkward standoff, and we were standing beside Patrick, not knowing what to do.

“Ari! Ari! Ari! Ari!”

“Eun Sol, please be quiet for once.”

“What should we do? We can't free Gain without this guy's help!”

“Well, we can't do that. We have Plan D, you know.”

“That's dangerous, you said so yourself!”

In the meantime, tongues sprouted from Patrick’s neck, and hands sprouted from his back, transforming him into a grotesque form that could no longer be considered Homo sapiens.  Finally, Kim Mook Sung, who had come over, pointed his gun at Patrick’s contorted head. 

“What do we do? Should we kill this guy?”

Just as everyone was bewildered, Patrick uttered what could only be assumed to be his last words. 

“Beatrice… you never even thought about finding out about the Director or yourself, yet you meddled with my body.  Your vision is too narrow. Why is your way of thinking so childish…”

As he finished those words, Patrick’s features crumbled, and a monster emerged, just as a gunshot rang out, and Patrick’s body collapsed.

“Using this guy to break the seal is a failure after all. I knew it would be like this.”

“Mook Sung, did you think it would be difficult?”

“Didn't you have the same thought, Ari? From the moment Eun Sol proposed brainwashing Patrick, you said it wouldn’t work, it wouldn’t work, five times at least.”

“….”

“Eun Sol seems smart but has a typical ordinary person’s perspective.  You could say that when planning, she doesn't take into account enough supernatural variables.”

“… Mook Sung, Eun Sol is right next to you.”

“Sorry for the ordinary person’s perspective. And if the plan seemed so strange, you could have told me beforehand, right?”

People are the same, even when they get older.  Without realizing it, I sighed and looked around. Patrick was dead, Beatrice and Elena had disappeared, Cha Jin Cheol was still in an awkward standoff. The floor was trembling…

… Trembling?

“Eun, Eun Sol!”

“Ari?”

“What is this vibration?”

Eun Sol, who finally came to her senses, felt the vibration of the floor, and her expression turned pale!

“Is this it?  Those monsters that are said to be in the basement of the facility are coming up, right?”

There was no need for an answer. As the vibration grew stronger, not only we, but the soldiers and researchers in the room all had sour expressions!

Cha Jin Cheol ran towards us.

“So, let’s go with Plan D that I mentioned.  You said that if we destroy this machine, the irregular polyhedron or whatever it is, with the power of stars, then we could also free Gain, right?”

“….”

While we were silent, a researcher across from us, who heard our conversation, shouted, almost crying.

“Please! Please! Calm down. I'm not saying this for my own sake. Think of the outside world. There’s a peaceful world out there, where people who worked honestly all day return home to enjoy dinner with their loving wives and children.”

… Wow! We’re complete villains!

Regardless, the vibration on the floor was getting stronger. If this continues, we’ll all die.  Cha Jin Cheol chuckled wryly.  He had already made up his mind.

“What is this place? Room 201.  It’s a place that’s even one level more difficult than the grueling first floor.  We have no choice but to take the risk.  After all, isn’t this the being that the Chief Researcher once sealed? There’s something he’ll do.”

 Sensing the ominous atmosphere, the researcher cried out. 

“What are you talking about?!”

“My dear hotel colleagues, prepare yourselves and take all necessary precautions.  Especially Song Yi?”

If things go wrong, she’s the only one among us who can survive. Song Yi nodded, her expression tense.  In her hand was the escape button.

A dangerous wave erupted from Cha Jin Cheol’s hand, filling the entire research facility. And the world ended.

* It’s collapsing. The research facility is collapsing. The city is collapsing. The nation is collapsing. I heard the sound of the world collapsing.

A great eye that looked down upon all things filled the world. It held a star in one breath, and the universe in two. Oh – an intimidating sight, one that would be sacrilegious to even look at with my lowly eyes, looked down upon me.

‘I gave you a chance, yet you came to die once more?’

What can I do? If I stay still, I’ll die from the monsters coming up from below! In front of that overwhelming gaze, my body, my mind, my soul, shattered like a sandcastle on the beach struck by a wave.  The moment I accepted that death was inevitable as my ancient blood dried instantly, I saw ‘it’ behind my eyes.  

Now I knew.  I understood the true nature of the eye that permeates all things, the identity of the zero-dimensional eye. Sorrow, joy, fear, delight, pleasure, despair, anger –  a stimulating revelation that transcended all of that struck my mind.

In my fading consciousness, I think.  One terribly unfortunate fact.  I won’t be able to remember this knowledge.  It’s knowledge that crosses the line.

In my fading consciousness, I thought. Even when I go, let’s say goodbye at least!

“Everyone, are you enjoying our story?”

To be continued… 
```