## Chapter 196 – Party Time – The Secret of the Second Floor (5) Fin

Han Gain, “A Mysterious Craftsman”

Given the circumstances, it seemed unlikely that the name attached to the Lego and the name of the hidden NPC on the second floor mentioned by the first-floor merchant were both “Mysterious Craftsman” by coincidence. Just as I was waiting, the Lego began to emit a soft glow! At this point, it was impossible to doubt that the Lego was the hidden NPC on the second floor. But how do I interact with it? The Lego didn't suddenly start talking to me, making it hard to figure out what to do. I reached a simple conclusion. If we couldn't find the Lego, then we could put the Lego in the place where we were. Thankfully, upon examining the snow globe, I found that the top lid could be opened. “Kim Minyoung, right? Sorry, I have a lot of Lego, so you might not notice if you take one.”  The moment I carefully opened the snow globe's top lid and put the Lego inside, the Lego disappeared as if it had been absorbed somewhere! It even disappeared along with the soft glow! The moment I saw this supernatural phenomenon happening in front of me, I got a feeling. This is it! I found the correct answer. Now I can finally relax. Since the lid was already open, I thought of another thing I could do. I picked up a small piece of paper, folded it like a bridge, and created a path to climb up and down the mountain inside the snow globe. In a short moment, I finished three tasks. The blizzard stopped, I made a path to easily climb up and down the mountain, and I found the Mysterious Craftsman. Is there anything else I need to do? I think I can go back now. I closed the snow globe lid to avoid Minyoung's suspicion, then I carefully returned to my original posture, just as I had before borrowing her body, and returned to my own body.

* “Haha! Did you all see? Awesome! I even found the hidden NPC Lego -” 
“Go back out!”
“Huh?”
“Go out now! Right now! We can talk later!”

Before I could even boast, everyone was telling me to go back out! When I looked at the void pointed out by the group, I noticed a notification appearing in front of everyone, including me.

* Today's Special Event: Han Gain Travelogue – Exploring the Giant's Land! 
Han Gain, who has begun exploring the mysterious place on the second floor, will she be able to find all the hidden elements?
1. Stop the blizzard by manipulating the snow globe! (O)
2. Find the Mysterious Craftsman! (O)
3. ? (In progress)

* ??? What in the world is this event? I was dumbfounded that this event popped up out of nowhere, but even more absurd is that I, the protagonist of this “Han Gain Travelogue”, didn’t even know that such a notification appeared! Did the notification not appear because the outside of the snow globe is the outside of the hotel? Then, why is there something hidden in a place where the notification doesn't appear? Was it meant to be found? There are less than 20 minutes left until the day ends, so it's not even worth getting annoyed. I hurriedly went back outside, repeating the process from earlier, and once again borrowed Minyoung's body. There was something else hidden in this place. I frantically rummaged through the room, looking for anything. I pulled out all the Legos, tossed the study materials into the air, and shook out my bag, but there was nothing that looked like the “Mysterious Craftsman” and emitted light upon seeing it, as if to say, "I am the answer!"

Next, I tried putting small items that might fit inside the snow globe one by one, just in case. As I had already confirmed when I put in the “Mysterious Craftsman” Lego, if it's the right thing, wouldn't it disappear the moment I put it in? I put in the YuX-King card and took it out again, put in the Lego and took it out again, even put in the eraser and pencil lead, then took them out, but there was no special reaction. Moreover, my actions seemed like a tremendous danger to my companions inside, so I kept slowing down. There’s still one hidden element left. There are 10 minutes left. From the Lego to the study materials, even the schoolbag and under the bed, I frantically searched, but I couldn’t find anything special. Am I missing something? What is it? There’s no way a safe is hidden in a child's room out of the blue, so where is it? I realized there was one place I hadn't properly searched. There’s a hotel and my companions inside the snow globe. If I so much as touch it, a devastating earthquake might occur inside. That’s why I was hesitant and careful whenever I got near the snow globe. In other words, if there’s one place in this room I haven’t properly searched, it’s the area near the snow globe. 

“I don’t know if you can hear me, but everyone be careful.” I carefully held the snow globe and examined it from all angles, but again, nothing was visible. Or maybe? ... Maybe it's just too small. For example, if it's a small object even by our standards inside the snow globe, then it wouldn’t be visible to my eyes, which are now possessed by the boy’s body from the outside world. Should I go back to my original body and search? No, there’s no time left to search for something smaller than a speck of dust with my original body. An idea came to me. Let me recall the phenomenon that happened with the Lego earlier. Didn't it emit light when I looked at it? That was probably a 'hint'. 

— Click! I turned off the lights. A faint light, as if floating in the air, appeared from below the snow globe I was holding. Something smaller than a speck of dust and lighter than a feather floats in the air like it’s being scattered. It was so small that I couldn't even bring myself to touch it with my fingers. I carefully moved the snow globe back to its original position, blew on the luminous object with my mouth, and let it fall onto my palm. Finally, I carefully opened the top lid of the snow globe again and put something inside. The glowing object disappeared the moment it entered the snow globe, just like the Lego before. 

“Ugh... it's finally over. It's over, right?” There are 3 minutes left. This was the first time I went out to the outside world since coming to the hotel, so I subconsciously glanced around the area. Familiar and peaceful - what's that? There was a pigeon outside the window. However, could you simply call a bird that was larger than an eagle and had a beak full of jagged teeth “pigeon”? I was breathless, and then I realized something strange. The inside of this room was a normal child's room, but the outside was not. The window looked like a prison to prevent escape, with iron bars installed outside the glass, and when the monstrous pigeon looked into the room, a robot, which looked like a CCTV, immediately fired a laser and chased the pigeon away. ... Really, really strange. The security system of this mansion is more impressive than that pigeon. It's not surprising to see a monster appear out of nowhere, as I've experienced it many times in the cursed room, but what are iron bars and laser turret-like objects in a normal family home? It was like a bizarre sight, as if even ordinary family houses had adapted to a world overflowing with monsters. A world on a “different plane” from the one I lived in. With countless questions in my heart, I returned to my original body.

* When I woke up again inside the snow globe, I realized the impact of my actions. As a result of frantically putting items in and out of the snow globe because there wasn't much time left, craters that could fit dozens of people had been formed everywhere, as if there had been an earthquake. At least it was fortunate that the blizzard had stopped. I checked my companions' information in the recovered status window, just in case, and thankfully, I saw that they were all alive, allowing me to sigh in relief. I put on my protective suit, walked around the area for a while, and found Ari, the grandfather, and Jincheol, who were scattered everywhere. 
“Are you all alright?”
“...”
“...”
“Well... we were short on time and needed to find something, so I put in anything.”
“You even lifted the snow globe, didn’t you?”
“Yes.”
“That was really bad... I used to imagine this when I was a kid. I wondered what would happen if a giant, like a huge mountain, held Korea in its hands and shook it. I didn’t know I’d experience something similar this time.”
“When were you a kid in your case?”
“Ugh!”

Judging from the fact that a stone fist flew right at me, it seemed like I wasn't going to die. While I was sitting on the ground, catching my breath, Jincheol came back after checking the walls.
“Gain, has the date passed?”
“Yes.”
“Hmm. It seems we can’t go outside anymore. The walls aren’t moving at all. Not even the power of the stars can move it.”
“It doesn't seem like it will be connected to the outside world forever. If it was connected forever, it would be a bigger problem. If Coco gets moody and the snow globe drops to the ground, then it’s the end! But hopefully, this kind of ending won’t happen, it’s terrifying.”
“That’s true. By the way, what was the last item you found?”
“It was too small for my eyes to see. Didn’t it appear in the notification?”
“Notifications, my foot! When you started messing with the snow globe, we were all just flying around and hanging on to things, so we couldn’t see anything.”
“...”
“I didn’t even know what I put in. More importantly, where did the Lego NPC I put in and the glowing object go?”

The grandfather replied nonchalantly, “If you put it in, that’s enough. The hotel won’t steal something we found with such effort, so it's somewhere. Maybe it's inside the hotel.”
“That’s possible.”
“Let's go back for now. I'm really tired from all the hard work we did all day.”

The way back was much easier. At least the paper bridge I made earlier was much easier to move than the frozen ice wall. Everyone returned to room 105 with exhausted expressions, as if they had lost their minds, and they all fell asleep as if they had fainted. The exploration of the outside world on the second floor, which was long and arduous, was over.

* … … … 
— Thud!
“Wake up.”
“Ugh, who is it? This is room 105, who -”

As soon as I opened my eyes, feeling a little tipsy, I felt the gaze of an owl the size of a house.
“... I said it would be difficult to meet for a long time, didn’t I?”
“Circumstances are always changing. Well done.”
“Huh?”
“You did well. You really did well.”
“... Haha. Thank you. It's so sudden that I'm still adjusting.”
“The third item must have been difficult to find! You definitely show me how much your reflexes have improved since a few months ago.” 

It was so hard to find the third item that I wondered if it was even meant to be found. The hidden location, under the snow globe, was unbelievable, but even more absurd was that it was so small that it couldn’t be seen with the eyes of the outside world. I couldn’t find it with my original body because I couldn’t move the snow globe, and I couldn’t find it with the possessed body because it was too small. I only realized its existence when I turned off the lights, thanks to its faint glow. Even when I think back, I don’t understand how it was meant to be found, and I felt some sort of malice. But I found it! ... I realized something strange. The owl, whom I hadn’t seen in a long time, was trapped in a cage. 

“You must think I’m ridiculous. It’s fine. More importantly, remember every word I say from now on, and don’t miss a single word.”
[To be continued] 
