## Chapter 163 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (12) –  Eeunsol

“What is your purpose of intrusion?”

“…”

“How did you obtain information related to the Headquarters?”

“…”

Ah, this is bad.

“It’s better for both of us if you speak when I’m being polite.”

“…”

“I’ll stop here. Anyway, a proper interrogation will begin soon after Artanin arrives and we start questioning that person.  By the way… your ‘eyes’ are unusual.”

I guess I’m being treated politely thanks to my ‘eyes’.  The old man across from me is already getting beaten up.  What in the world happened to make this happen? I sighed and recalled the events.

* After parting ways with the group, the old man and I entered the TV display. We believed this was a safe place due to Ari’s implication and we walked forward with our eyes closed. 

‘Bang!’ 

We crashed into something, making a noise. We opened our eyes and looked around, only to realize... 

We’re screwed. Soldiers with guns were everywhere. They were all aiming their guns at us.  How could we possibly fight back?  We were immediately subdued and taken away, starting our interrogation.  Should I be thankful?  The chat window worked fine, allowing us to make plans.

Eeunsol: OK?

Kim Mookseong:  Those bastards. OK.

The people in this place, ‘Headquarters’, seemed to have many questions for us.  Thinking about it, this would be strange from their perspective.  I realized after Ari’s hypnosis wore off, that there was an incomprehensible source of madness beyond the TV display. 

The way to avoid madness is to not even know that such an incomprehensible monster exists!

However, this solution is simple yet extremely difficult to execute.  Since the monster isn’t invisible, you know it exists the moment you see it.  Therefore, you need to cover your eyes, but the moment you cover your eyes, wouldn’t a person with normal intelligence immediately feel the anomaly?

‘There’s something dangerous in this place that shouldn’t be seen with your eyes.’  Even just that level of awareness was not enough to avoid the contagion of madness.  In reality, it was difficult to handle unless it was Ari’s long-standing hypnosis through her blood or a similar special method.

We perfectly executed this difficult method and came in.  Naturally, the people in ‘Headquarters’ had no choice but to wonder how we learned this fact!

Patrick, the high-ranking official we met earlier, appeared.

“I’ve confirmed your identities.  Eeunsol, was it?”

“I never said my name.”

“We received your names beforehand.”

“You’re not even hiding it anymore. Did you plant spies in the Management Bureau?”

“Haha! Your eyes are alive! Those eyes… aren’t they from ‘Mono-eye Reconstruction, Ivrax’?”

I’ve heard the word “Mono-eye Reconstruction” but I’ve never heard the word “Ivrax” before.

“How in the world did you implant those eyes into a human? It’s impossible even with the Management Bureau’s technology.”

“…”

“My, you’re very tight-lipped. Don’t worry.  I brought Artanin.”

Artanin, the word I’ve been hearing since earlier. What is it?

Patrick misinterpreted my reaction, unable to understand.

“Heh heh. There’s no need to be afraid.  I know well how harmful Artanin is to humans. I’m not going to inject it into you, so feel free to relax.  Isn’t it better for an old man to experience harsh things?”

“Stick it in your arm, you bastard!”

Eeunsol:  What is Artanin?

Kim Mookseong: A powerful truth serum.

Eeunsol:  Aaaaa.

Kim Mookseong: No worries. I know the principle. I can handle it. A countermeasure.

Judging from their actions, the Headquarters people seemed confident in the effects of ‘Artanin’.  But since Grandfather is a Management Bureau agent, it must be reliable.  I had nothing to say.

Eeunsol:  They’re oddly kind to me.

Kim Mookseong:  Your eyes, even by Management Bureau standards, are a great treasure.

Eeunsol:  Will they try to take out my eyes?

Kim Mookseong:  Even with Management Bureau technology, it’s impossible to implant them. Naturally, these guys can’t either. The stakes are getting higher.  I guessed it, but they were pretending to be kind to me because of my eyes.  It’s a treasure too precious to give up, but they don’t have the technology to implant it in someone else. They have to keep me alive to use my eyes.  Naturally, they wouldn’t use such a harmful truth serum called Artanin or whatever.  Beatrix seemed to have brainwashing abilities, and it seems like she’s going to use that power on me.

A while later, a man who looked like a soldier brought an injection filled with a translucent green liquid and injected it into Grandfather’s arm.

Kim Mookseong:  I’ll die in 3 hours.  Hang in there.

Eeunsol:  Let’s get out of here.

The interrogations of the enemies began.  The veteran agent’s truth serum countermeasure was absurd yet creative.

* Patrick’s voice could be heard.

“Kim Mookseong.  Are you ready to answer now?”

“Yes.”

“First, let’s confirm the recent events. Bring the little one!”

Little one?

A while later, Seungyeop was brought in on a cart!  More precisely, a protective suit was brought in.  Seungyeop inside seemed unconscious or even dead.

“He’s your companion, right? Well, he seems to be dead already.  He fell into a ‘trash can’ earlier.  He seems to be wearing a very special spacesuit, but it’s impossible to take it off.  How do you take it off?”

Kim Mookseong:  If you put your hand on the helmet, the sensor will activate.  You probably can’t take it off since you’re not participants of the hotel.

“It opens by internal operation.  If you force it open, there will be a huge explosion.”

Grandfather?  What are you saying?  Why would there be an explosion?  Did the protective suit have such a feature?  Besides, what’s with that answer in the chat window?  … Could it be?

“I’ll ask what I’m most curious about. How did you learn about the way to enter the Headquarters?”

Kim Mookseong:  Based on the information obtained from the first attempt at Room 201, I figured it out using Gain’s advice.

“… You had an internal spy.”

“An internal spy?  No way! Did we plant someone in their side?”

Kim Mookseong:  How would I know, you idiot?

“They gave regular reports.”

Could it be that the truth serum countermeasure is…

“Can we trust this guy’s words?”

“Look at his pupils. Artanin is working normally.  And we also planted Elizabeth on the Management Bureau’s side, so they can’t say that the Management Bureau can’t do the same.  Who did you plant?”

“I don’t know. I only know the content of the intel.”

I was amazed while listening to the conversation across from me!  In that short time, the countermeasure for the truth serum that Grandfather came up with was simple.  The truthful answer to the question is given only to me through the ‘chat window’, and then lies are told verbally!  It’s amazing. What is the principle of this truth serum that allows for this kind of response?  For the first time, Grandfather started to feel like a ‘veteran agent’.

Meanwhile, Patrick and the people around him started talking urgently to each other.

“It seems like this guy doesn’t know the spy’s identity.”

“He received regular reports. Let’s ask him about the intel.”

“Good. Mookseong, what were the recent reports?”

Kim Mookseong:  I don’t have any of that crap, you idiot!

“…”

“Why is the response delayed? George, check his pupils again!”

“The effect of Artanin is ongoing. Let’s wait a bit.”

Kim Mookseong:  Damn it! I can’t think of an answer.  Eeunsol, quickly make up some plausible words!  Aaack! Grandfather! You were totally a veteran a moment ago! Why are you asking me this all of a sudden?

Eeunsol:  Pero! Pero! He’s probably caught somewhere here!

“… I heard recently that they caught a peculiar parrot that can transform into a monster.”

“What?  That happened just yesterday! The report already came in?”

“What in the world is the Headquarters’ security system? Where is all this information leaking from?”

“Isn’t it from the research wing?  That parrot is locked up in research wing 2-9.”

My improvised comment about Pero seemed to shock them quite a bit.  The location where Pero is, research wing 2-9.  I memorized it.

A while later, most of the people around us disappeared.  It seemed that Patrick decided that everyone except his most trusted few were untrustworthy.

“Mookseong, what is your purpose here? How much has the Management Bureau figured out about us?”

Kim Mookseong:  The Cursed Room, Room 201 is in this place, so I came here, you idiot! What Management Bureau?

“There was a report about ‘corruption’.  I heard it’s related to the missing people from the Arizona branch.  We’re an advance party that explored the Hesbeth Manor and reported on the circumstances of the corruption of the Arizona branch survivors.”

“What…! What…! How did you find out about that!  Arizona, how did you even find out about that information!”

“Something’s wrong! Elizabeth had no report that the Management Bureau recognized the Headquarters!”

“Elizabeth might have been their target of suspicion as well.”

“Thinking about it, that makes sense. Didn’t they kill Elizabeth shortly after these guys entered the Hesbeth Manor? They already knew Elizabeth’s identity!”

Patrick and his secretary couldn’t contain their excitement over the major incident(?) that top-secret information had leaked to the Management Bureau. Someone noticed an unusual word from Grandfather’s response.

“Report? How is the reporting done?”

“Regular reports are required every 6 hours.”

I was amazed.  I began to understand what kind of picture Grandfather was painting!

“Patrick, this is a huge problem! They couldn’t have done regular reports while they’re captured here!”

It’s finally my turn to intervene.

“You realize the situation now? An assault team will arrive soon.  With the current forces here, you’ll be dead without even breathing when they arrive…”

“You’re getting confident just because you mentioned the Management Bureau? Don’t forget that we’re here in front of you. And you don’t know about our forces.”

“Are you talking about Beatrix, with the forces of this place?  My group is fighting Beatrix right now, so…”

“… Beatrix will soon subdue them and return.”

“You have a lot of faith. Beatrix is a powerful being, as you said, so even if the Management Bureau’s army invades, they might be able to escape somehow. But will you be able to survive that battle?”

The surroundings fell silent.  Fear of the Management Bureau’s army potentially invading soon paralysed their reason.  It’s ironic, but in reality, the Management Bureau only felt like a vague and unrealistic organization…

It’s really an amazing organization.  If you think about it, I’m just a helpless human right now. But I have the Management Bureau on my side, so I’m putting on a bit of an act, and everyone is flustered.

Patrick’s calm voice could be heard.

“You must have something to say, since you’re suddenly acting superior. Let’s stop playing word games.”

“If you planted spies in the Management Bureau, you have a way to contact them, right?”

Eeunsol:  What do they usually use to contact each other?  Hurry, hurry!

Kim Mookseong:  Security smartphone.  It’s similar to regular companies.

“You have a security smartphone, right?”

“…”

“Give it to me. I’ll make a regular report saying everything is fine.”

“You’ll make a false report so we can go safely? I find that hard to believe.  I want to inject you with Artanin too.”

It’s time to concede a little.

“You can just stay beside me when I make the report. If the content is weird, you can just cut the call. I’m doing this to survive.  It’s a problem for me to die here, but it’s also a problem to die at the hands of the Management Bureau.”

“Die at the hands of the Management Bureau? What – Ah, I see.  They are clueless, aren’t they?  They’re worried that they’ll blow this place up, aren’t they?”

“…”

“Hahaha! My, you’re surprisingly scared?  From what I see, you don’t seem to know exactly where the ‘Arizona branch’ is.  Don’t worry about it.  I guarantee they will never destroy this facility!”

Patrick answered confidently.  He is convinced that the Management Bureau will never destroy their facility through means like bombing. What is the reason? Does the Management Bureau not know the location of their facility?  They’re assuming that their information leaked to the Management Bureau, but I don’t think they’re simply thinking that they’re safe because they don’t know the location.  There must be another reason.  There’s a definite reason why the Management Bureau can’t destroy this facility.

Even so, Patrick agreed to negotiate.

“Well, good.  We need to extinguish the immediate fire.  But… I recommend that you don’t try any tricks.  I’ll be watching you.”

We’re almost there.  Now I have to survive until the end, without letting the enemies catch me ‘requesting help’ from the Management Bureau. 

… By the way, where in the world is Gain?

To be continued…
```