## Chapter 157 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (6) – Han Gained

“Alright! Let’s all have a drink! Cheers!” … I raised my glass of juice to try and lift the mood, but not many responded. Eunsol Noona was trying her best to go along with me, but there were limits. 

My fellow companions returned after finishing the first attempt on the 2nd floor, all of them in a groggy state. Their exhaustion stemmed from different points of failure, but the reason was simple: the enemy was too strong. Truly, it was too ridiculously strong. 

Jincheol Hyung, who got beaten to death by a gorilla, seemed terrified at the mere thought of it. The girl who supposedly emerged from the mirror, a presumed opponent, was equally unbelievable. She treated guns like BB guns, and her bracelets and old blood were nothing more than a stalling tactic. Even a star might not be enough to guarantee a win against her. 

Listening to my companions recount their experiences, we finally reached a conclusion.

“It’s clearly different from the first floor. The required specs have been raised,” Ari agreed.

“Now that I think about it, the first floor was designed so that you could clear it without any inheritance. It felt like it was designed to be solved through blessings alone with a bit of cleverness. The second floor…,”

“It was designed assuming you already had several inheritances,”

“Right. It assumes that you already possess multiple inheritances, have strengthened your blessings multiple times, and have acquired treasure like protective suits.” The enemies were ridiculously strong, considering the 2nd floor was designed with those preconditions in mind. 

We naturally thought about another room we could enter.

“It seems that the other rooms on the second floor can be accessed after completing the ‘repair event,’ but there’s another room we can enter. Room 104. Should we continue with ‘Hotelgo’?”

Ari sighed at my words.

“We have a pretty good idea of what’s going on now, right? The nature of the Incarnation. The danger of Room 104. The Owl even warned us about it. The Incarnation is probably ‘The Master’ splitting or copying part of themselves and sticking it inside you. That’s why you have that power, bordering on the surreal, that even makes inheritances seem like toys.”

“So, because of that fragment of ‘The Master,’ you think I’ll betray everyone as soon as we enter Room 104?”

“Think about it yourself. If you did betray us, what would you do right after?”

It immediately occurred to me what I’d do if I betrayed my companions.

“Wouldn’t I just Incinerate everyone?”

“You’re right. I’d rather fight the girl from the mirror than fight the Son of Heaven.” 

That ended the conversation. The thought of fighting the ‘Son of Heaven’ alone was enough to make everyone treat Room 104 like a nuclear waste disposal site. 

I decided to give them some advice. ‘What do you think about going back to Room 104?’ 

They were instantly horrified and gave up on the idea. This was a repeat of what happened back in the room of the previous gate.  Did we really need to just abandon Room 104 like this? I was filled with vague doubts.

The scenario everyone feared—me entering Room 104, immediately Incarnating, and killing them all in a second—is not the scenario the hotel would want, I believe. But ultimately, it’s just my faith and assumptions. After all, the hotel is an incomprehensible place.

—Click! 

During our conversation, Song-i stood up from the table, loading a plate with sandwiches and other food. She probably wanted to take food to Elena. It naturally brought up the topic of Elena.

“Everyone’s gone a bit crazy, but Elena’s especially bad. We can’t even talk to her,” Eunsol Noona worried.

“It’s strange. Did we go through that many terrifying experiences in the hotel? We experienced things that would have given us PTSD for life if they happened in the outside world. Yet, we could handle the aftereffects in a way.”

“It felt like the hotel managed our mental trauma, in addition to physical injuries.”

“But why is Elena so messed up this time?”

I was curious as I listened. If everyone was as bad as Elena, then I would have fallen into despair because the hotel wouldn’t even provide proper treatment from the second floor onwards. But everyone else, except Elena, was fine.  Luckily, I have the ability for these times. 

‘Why is Elena not being treated?’

I received a brief but reassuring answer.

“I used ‘Advice’ to get an answer. It says they’re going to treat her tomorrow out of consideration for us.”

Everyone sighed with relief. 

… Something feels off. What kind of ‘consideration’ is this?

While I pondered, Eunsol Noona started talking about the next topic.

“Let’s tell each other what comes to mind, in order! I think about Elizabeth first.”

As soon as the word ‘Elizabeth’ was uttered, my companions reacted violently.

“She took our guns as soon as we entered and broke all our limbs,” Ari exclaimed.

We were surprised by her passionate expression for a moment.

“Before she breaks all our limbs, we need to get some information. Break her fingers first,” said the grandfather, immediately jumping to torture plans.

“Let’s find out everything we can no matter what, and then feed her to the monster,” Jincheol Hyung, usually known for his kind nature, said something chilling.

I understood. I’d heard the story. Apparently, Elizabeth betrayed them out of nowhere, leaving them all in front of that super strong King Kong, causing them to endure terrible hardships. As a result, they all seem to have developed a great grudge against her. It felt inevitable that we’d need to interrogate her to find out something, so I didn’t have much to say. However, I did think Elizabeth would be dumbfounded when we go back next time. It’s like she’s about to be attacked by people filled with hatred towards her even though she hasn’t done anything yet!

Eunsol Noona added cautiously, “Oliver seems fine, right? If you think about it, Elizabeth insisted on exploring, and the first one to die was Oliver.”

The next topic everyone discussed was the most important one: escape. Song-i, who had discovered the escape route, spoke passionately.

“The window! The window was the escape route. I realized it while fighting that monster girl. She was watching us from the window for a long time.”

Seung-yeop, who usually just ate snacks during meetings, confidently chimed in. “Haha! You’re right. But Noona, you almost made me miss it when you said window. We were all thinking that there were no windows like that in the mansion, right? Wouldn’t it have been easier if you had just said mirror?”

“You’re right. I didn’t think about that at the time.”

I summarized Song-i’s discovery of the escape route and Seung-yeop’s actual escape.

“This is the confirmed escape route, right? If we don’t move from the mansion and just stay there, a message saying ‘Move!’ will appear on one of the mirrors scattered throughout the mansion, like the ones by the sink, TV, and wardrobe. If you break that mirror, there’s a passage leading outside.”

“That’s right.” 

“Yes.” 

Grandfather Muksung interjected. “Don’t forget the important part. Behind that glass is a fresh devil that just jumped out of hell, all jittery.” 

Eunsol Noona tilted her head. “Will the escape route appear if we break the mirror with ‘Move!’ on it in the first mansion without moving?”

Seung-yeop was skeptical. “If it did, ‘Fortune’ wouldn’t have kept moving us for so long until we finally arrived at the seventh mansion. I don’t think breaking any mirror at random means anything. I think the mansions where we can escape are limited, and we have to break the mirror in that specific room to find the escape route, don’t you think?”

“I think Seung-yeop’s right. The mansion where we can escape is predetermined. Then, what happens if we break a mirror with ‘Move!’ on it in a different mansion?”

It felt like a new question had been thrown out. We couldn’t easily come to a conclusion. In a specific room, breaking the mirror with ‘Move!’ on it makes the demonic girl appear, and behind her is the escape route. But what happens if you break a mirror with ‘Move!’ on it in a different room? 

As we talked about the escape, it naturally led to talk about ‘that girl.’ 

Song-i muttered almost as if she was disgusted. “Seriously. She was a real monster. You can’t even imagine, Gain Oppa.”

Ari actively agreed. “If it was outside, we wouldn’t even send a few agents to catch her. It’s the level where they’d launch helicopters and fighter jets and prepare missiles.” 

It seems like it was a monster they would need to use almost war-like force against.

“We wouldn’t be able to beat it at all?” 

Many of us had seen the monster, but Song-i and Ari were the only ones who had actually fought against it in a meaningful way. After a moment of contemplation, they answered. 

“I don’t think so. Actually, our forces were already crumbling when we met her. Elena was dead because of the TV, Jincheol died to the gorilla, and Song-i and I were exhausted.”

“If everyone was at full strength, wouldn’t we stand a chance? Even though she has skin that deflects bullets, I think Jincheol Oppa’s star could shatter her.  It’s a human-shaped enemy, so Elena’s Justice would be activated without fail!”

Even though the enemy is strong, it’s still human-shaped.  If we only assume that the enemy is an evil human, then Elena, who has more powerful combat strength than Jincheol Hyung, could be active.  This gave everyone a subtle sense of confidence. 

As we talked for a while, we heard a familiar bird sound that we hadn’t heard in a long time.

—Beep! Beep!

It was as if it was complaining about being ignored for too long.  Pero, looking full of resentment, flipped over some plates before landing on Song-i’s shoulder.

Ari asked curiously, “Where was this guy even at?”

Song-i seemed clueless. “I’ve been reading Pero’s mind for a while now, but I have no idea. Pero’s like a three-year-old. It’s so hard to understand what he’s thinking. I could only read the feeling that he was in a very dull white place.”

“A very dull white place…,”  I thought I understood a bit. “Maybe he’s near me? Was he trapped in a test tube like me?” 

“Then where are you?”

I was speechless.  I don’t know either.  ‘解除封印.’  I’m making no progress with this part at the moment.

Jincheol Hyung asked with some frustration. “Can’t you Incinerate before the ‘Seal Release’ notification appears, or maybe possess another researcher’s body and escape?”

“The Magic Tome is impossible.  Incineration is probably impossible too, right?”

“Try using ‘Advice’ to check.”

I still had two uses left, so it’s worth checking.  ‘Can I escape by Incarnating?’

This little jerk is at it again. I chuckled bitterly and relayed the answer. “What are you talking about? 견지망월? What kind of proverb is that?” 

Jincheol Hyung tilted his head, and Grandfather Muksung, standing next to him, said proudly, “Ha! That’s why you shouldn’t deal with ignorant people.  These kids these days have no proper Chinese character education. It’s a problem.”

“Well! I know you’re trying to show off, but what does it mean?”

“Someone pointed at the moon, but you only looked at the finger. I told you to look at the essence, but you just focused on a part. It’s a proverb that criticizes the foolishness of not seeing the essence but fixating on a small part.” 

Not seeing the essence and fixating on a part. As soon as I heard the meaning, I understood the advice. To be honest, I’d already guessed the meaning before using ‘Advice.’  It felt like reconfirming the facts through ‘Advice.’

“What’s the point of the seal in the first place? Isn’t it to target parties that overrely on certain members or specific powers?  But trying to break that seal with things like ‘acting before the notification appears’ or ‘breaking through with a more powerful force, Incineration,’ is a foolish way to approach things without seeing the essence.  It’s probably an advice with that kind of meaning.”

“You’re really hard to understand, Owl. You could’ve just said it’s impossible.” 

Silence fell over the table for a moment.  Eunsol Noona brought the conversation back to the topic everyone was most interested in, escape.

“Alright!  Let’s just focus on escaping. We’ll eventually break through by trying it three or four times, right?”

“We’ve confirmed the escape method, right? We’re moved by ‘Fortune’ and there’s a certain mansion that feels right, so we can escape from there. We’ll wait in that room, and ‘Move!’ will appear on one of the mirrors. Behind that mirror is the devil. We jump behind the mirror where the devil appeared, and that’s our escape.”

“I think so. Honestly, the biggest problem with this route is that devil.” 

Grandfather Muksung grumbled. “A devil waiting right behind the escape route. What is this, a gatekeeper? It seems like we’re going to have to fight him.”

“Isn’t it obvious that girl is the opponent? We’ll have to kill her anyway. What if we have everyone focus their power and fight her, and Seung-yeop and Eunsol Noona sneak out?”

It seemed like the people with combat strength would try to defeat the devil, while the others would secure the escape. 

Eunsol Noona nodded, emphasizing one thing. “Don’t forget to beat up Elizabeth. We’ll remember what she did.  Even if we see her face, it’ll be impossible to forget.”

I felt sorry for Elizabeth, who wouldn’t even know what happened and is going to meet the hotel party of seven who hold a grudge against her. 

Our evening meeting after the first attempt ended there. We agreed to discuss concrete plans again tomorrow morning. Now, it’s time to check on Elena.  I remembered the answer I got from using ‘Advice’ for Elena earlier. No matter how many times I think about it, it still feels weird.

To Be Continued… 
