## Chapter 149 – Rest and Reorganization (5)

While Han Gain was organizing her thoughts, a gruff voice interrupted her. “Ahem. Ahem. Let me say something.”

“Please speak, Grandfather.”

“Honestly, I’m not completely neutral in this matter either, but I want to thank you for trusting me enough to include me in this discussion. First, I’ll tell you what I know about Miro, Ari’s mother. As you might have guessed, Miro is a far more senior agent than I am. Unlike me, a simple human, she was already superhuman before entering the hotel. She surpassed humans in all aspects of physical abilities, including strength, reflexes, and stamina. She also possessed various superpowers.”

Jin Cheol asked, “I have a question. What’s the origin of those superhuman abilities? Was she superhuman before entering the hotel because the Administration granted her those abilities? But Ari said that the Administration doesn’t have the means to grant superpowers.”

“The Administration doesn’t have such means. I’ll give you the same answer I gave then. If the Administration had the ability to grant superpowers, why would I be a regular human? Of course, I, a veteran agent, would also have superpowers. I don’t know how Miro became superhuman. Even Ari might not know.”

Eun Sol asked, “What about her personality? I heard she’s mentally like a child now.”

“I heard she was somewhat arrogant and had a tendency to disregard ordinary people. However, she wasn’t completely lacking in ethics, and she had the basic mindset of wanting to protect the world as an agent. Of course, I’m not sure if this information is useful for analyzing Miro after she entered the hotel.”

A being who was already superhuman, separate from the hotel’s granted abilities. Originally, a somewhat arrogant personality, yet not crossing the line of basic morality. I think we have a general idea of her character.

By this point, my own thoughts were somewhat organized, and I offered my opinion. “I think we need to consider two factors when it comes to resurrecting someone. The first is, of course, their ability. They need to be someone who can help us. The second is controllability. The person we resurrect must be someone we can control in the present.”

“Controllability…”

“Are there any people we know well among those we want to resurrect? There aren’t, right? We only have limited information about Miro, and we don’t know anything about the rest. We don’t know who we can trust until we try resurrecting them. But we can judge to some extent who we can control.”

Eun Sol replied, “It would be burdensome if they were too strong.”

“That’s what I wanted to talk about. We can’t control someone who is too powerful. Songi, do you think we could control Estavio?”

Songi answered decisively, “Absolutely impossible. Even now, I sometimes see him in my dreams, slaughtering numerous aliens within the facility. He must have been a powerful being even among the Athanasia. If he suddenly attacked, he might be able to kill all of us alone.”

“So, let’s exclude someone like Estavio. We can think about it again in the distant future when we are much stronger.”

Elena seemed somewhat disappointed. “If we had someone as strong as him, we could practically bypass almost all the trials!”

Eun Sol seemed to have made up her mind and answered resolutely, “That’s our thought, but Estavio’s thought could be different after he’s resurrected. He might think the best option is to slaughter all the inferior apes, eat all the inheritance himself, and break through the hotel. He’s an alien, an alien who used humans as livestock. It’s completely unpredictable how he thinks. Let’s exclude him.”

Jin Cheol cautiously opened his mouth, “Based on what you just said, ‘controllability,’ wouldn’t Miro also be out?”

“Miro’s situation is at least better than Estavio’s. We can control Ari, at least.”

Songi expressed her concern, “If we tried to resurrect someone other than Miro, wouldn’t Ari strongly object? What if internal conflict arises between us?”

… Everyone fell silent at that.

*Thud!* The door opened, breaking the silence, and a clear voice echoed. “You didn’t think I was just a childish kid, did you?”

“Aaahhh!”

“Cough!”

Ari suddenly barged in! Everyone was startled and looked at Mook Seong, the grandfather. He waved his hands in panic. “It’s not me! It’s not me! I’m not into private chats!”

Ari, who had been chuckling for a moment, interrupted, “Don’t misunderstand. In this hotel, there are only eight people, not hundreds. If you suddenly disappear somewhere other than me, it’s normal to find it suspicious. This ‘secret meeting’ is too clumsy, isn’t it?”

We, who were having a clumsy secret meeting, simply lowered our heads in shame. If we were going to hold a secret meeting like this, we should have at least done it without being caught!

In the awkward atmosphere, Songi asked, “So… from where did you hear it?”

“From what you said. The part where you said that if we resurrected someone other than Miro, I might strongly object, and we might have a fight.”

In the end, we told Ari everything we had said in front of her. Jin Cheol’s idea of saving the tickets for ourselves. Mook Seong’s brief explanation of Miro. The criteria for our choice I suggested: ability and controllability. 

Ari, who had been listening quietly, expressed her thoughts. “I don’t think Jin Cheol’s idea holds much meaning. The biggest threat in this hotel is the Curse Room, right? The Curse Room’s nature is such that there’s only complete annihilation or complete survival. There’s no possibility that some will die and others will survive.”

“I thought about that too. As you said, if you only consider the Curse Room, the option of saving the tickets for ourselves is meaningless. If someone dies, it’ll be a complete wipeout, and there will be no one to use the tickets when that happens. But the Curse Room isn’t the only threat in the hotel. There are rooms like the Mission Room where we can give up if it seems difficult even after casualties have already occurred. The hotel itself also occasionally holds special events.”

Ari immediately countered, “The Curse Room isn’t the only threat, but it’s about 90% of it. There was only one Mission Room for the whole floor, and we don’t know if there will be one on the second floor either. Special events held by the hotel usually don’t happen if we just keep entering the Curse Room. Think about it, focusing on the biggest threat, the Curse Room. If we increase our power by gaining more allies, we can overcome the Curse Room more easily, reducing the risk.”

Eun Sol interrupted, “Let’s stop talking about whether we should save the tickets. It’s a matter we can talk about again after finding the Resurrection Room, and if one of us is dead by that time, we’ll obviously prioritize resurrecting ourselves.”

“This is talking about it under the assumption that we resurrect someone else, right?”

“Yes. Actually, I’m asking because I’m curious about your opinion in that case.”

Ari glanced at everyone before answering, “My opinion is similar to Gain’s. Ability and controllability. The choice of words is good. And everyone seems to misunderstand one thing. I don’t intend to insist on using the first ticket for Miro.”

??? Everyone was surprised for a moment. She didn’t intend to insist on using it for her mother? While everyone was confused, Eun Sol caught the word “first.”

“‘First’ ticket… do you think you’ll get more tickets? You’re not saying that since you can get more tickets, you don’t need to insist on using the first one to resurrect Miro? After all, it just matters that we resurrect her before we leave the hotel.”

Jin Cheol quickly asked, “Is that also from your past experience?”

“It’s vague. I couldn’t get more tickets then. However, the statement that there are other ways to obtain tickets was also made back then.”

Ari then presented several pieces of evidence for her speculation: the fact that the tickets have multiple uses and her vague memories of the past.

I decided to get a more definitive answer. ‘Can you get more tickets?’ The Owl’s typical roundabout way of speaking. But I immediately understood the meaning of this answer. You can obtain tickets as a reward from the second-floor gate room. At the same time, I understood the true nature of the vague speculation Ari had been talking about.

According to Ari, there was also a Wise person back then. It’s obvious he asked the Owl directly and received the same answer as I did. However, the party was falling apart, so the information wasn’t properly shared, and the other members only had vague speculation through observing the Wise person. I don’t need to do that. I immediately informed everyone of the Owl’s answer. There are other ways to obtain tickets, so there’s no need to be obsessed with using the first ticket to revive Miro. I understood Ari’s thoughts.

In the slightly relaxed atmosphere, Ari continued, “I think Gain’s criteria of ability and controllability are quite appropriate. If we classify the targets based on those criteria, there’s actually only one person left. First, there’s Cha Seung Jin who saved Seung Yeop. But I’m sorry, it doesn’t seem like he’s absolutely necessary for us in terms of ability. We don’t even need to mention Estavio, and unfortunately, my mother, Miro, also has a problem in terms of controllability. It goes without saying about an extraterrestrial with overwhelming power, and the same applies to my mother. I can’t be by my mother’s side 24/7. After eliminating those three, only one person remains.”

In the end, the person I had been thinking about internally remained. Someone with outstanding healing abilities, extremely useful in terms of ability, someone who doesn’t possess fighting power strong enough for us to not be able to control. The doctor, Kim Sang Hyun.

Day 5 of the vacation. The conclusion of the resurrection discussion at the cocktail bar was that if we were to resurrect anyone, the first target would be the doctor.

* – 

After the discussion ended, everyone left the cocktail bar and gradually disappeared. … I and Ari were the only two left at the bar. Ari asked with a sly look, “Do you have anything to say? I stayed because you signaled for me to stay.”

“Yes. I have a few things I want to ask you.”

“What is it?”

“I have something to discuss with you about your eyes, but I want to ask you first about your attitude towards Miro. It’s quite different from my expectations.”

“…”

“What you said earlier was very logical. That’s what made it strange. You know how dangerous this place is, and you still love your mother enough to come back to this hotel. You have so much love for the person you want to resurrect, but the fact that you’re cold about the topic itself is a bit strange. If there’s anything you’re hiding, just tell me. It’s time for you to stop with your habit of creating secrets, right?”

[Next Chapter]