## Chapter 185 – Prayer for the Labyrinth (4)

Outside, Park Seungyeop. The flame burns. The flame burns. The flame burns. My mind feels numb, as if I were dreaming. The incense for the prayer of peace has dwindled. This shouldn't be happening… I don't know what will happen to my companions if this candle goes out. This candle, which allows the living to enter the world of the dead, burns with the vitality of humans. I gritted my teeth and pinched my thigh. There are no bruises left on my thigh. Now I understand everything the sponsor said. 

"It's different from the room of curses. Not everyone has to participate." 
"You don't need to push yourself too hard." 

Thinking about it, it's a slightly contradictory statement. The first sentence seems to imply that you don't need to participate, but the second says don't push yourself too hard. The expression "don't push yourself too hard" is awkward for someone who won't do anything at all. This expression implies someone who needs to do something, to take care of themselves. It was nothing special after all. The first sentence meant I shouldn't go into the labyrinth's hell directly. The second sentence just meant don't overdo it while participating in the prayer of peace from the outside... 

The flame burns. A while ago, the candle burned the last trace of my vitality. Saliva uncontrollably began to drip from my mouth, and my consciousness gradually blurred. Argh! Suddenly, I got angry! 

"You lack talent and even dedication, yet you are even worse than before. You were the same outside, and you are the same within the hotel."

Thinking about it now, it’s such a harsh statement, you son of a bitch, sponsor! Where in the world is a middle schooler suffering like me? Gained hyung often says owls are less helpful than Pero, and my ignorant sponsor, looking like he's taking care of me, always just spouts insults every time we meet.

— Whoosh! I calmed down for a moment, looked straight ahead, and the flame grew back to the size of a child's fist. I can hold on a bit longer. It's a relief. My next turn is Songi noona, so let me hold on a bit longer. Mookseong grandpa, Ari noona, Gained hyung! Do your best! And… if possible, do it ‘quickly.’

* Date: Day 92
Current location: Labyrinth's hell
Sage's advice: 2

— Han Gain. My cowardly escape after drawing the labyrinth's gaze ended in tragedy. I got scolded by my teacher. I got scolded really hard. … Well, it’s normal to get scolded when you suddenly swing a pen at your classmate. Should I say it's a blessing? The fact that my classmate's eye suddenly got painted with an unknown color and then disappeared is something that can't be understood with common sense regarding pens. The teachers just understood it as an event where the labyrinth was very surprised when I swung the pen in the air. I was released only after being warned twice and thrice to apologize to the labyrinth before evening. 

"Kik! Kikikik!”
"Stop giggling and just laugh out loud." 
"Are you really stupid? You suddenly drew a line on the kid and ran away?"

Seeing Ari's mocking attitude made me want to draw a line on her too. You're laughing at me, but this is all because of your mom! 

"Hey, this is all because of your mom!"
"From what I heard, the labyrinth just wanted to have an eye battle."
"It's not like that. It used some kind of incomprehensible power! Should I say it’s like hypnotism? It tried to control my mind with supernatural power."

Only then did Ari show a serious expression.

"It's not just charisma. Hypnotism? What was it like? Your ability is more diverse than you think. Did it show you hallucinations like Songi? Did it confuse your mind? Did it completely suppress your mind?"

When asked in such detail, I couldn't give a clear answer. However, I could immediately recall a similar feeling.

"It's similar to something you used to do." 

Ari tilted her head for a moment.

"That was using old blood. Vampires use it to charm their prey – well, that’s the backstory. What I mean is that the current labyrinth, which has no inheritance, cannot do that." 

"No, I’m talking about the feeling being similar from the perspective of the victim. There were definitely differences. At that time, your power seemed to be centered around your ‘eye,’ right?"

"The source of my power is always blood. But in the case of hypnotism, the medium for transmitting power was eye contact." 

"The labyrinth’s eyes are just a secondary factor, and its ‘words’ are the core.  Above all…"

"Above all?" 

"That moment when it spoke strange words, it suddenly sounded like English. Of course, since this setting is America, everyone would speak English in reality." 

"The hotel translates it to Korean, so we hear it in Korean. But that ‘speech’ was in English? Maybe it was because if the hotel translated the words containing supernatural power at will, the power would disappear? Whatever it is, it's a good change."

"What's good about it?" 

"It means that although it’s usually difficult to react immediately when the labyrinth uses its strange power, we can know immediately thanks to the hotel’s translation. If English comes out of its mouth, it means it's using some kind of trick, so let’s be careful from now on."

I understand. In the end, we've gained a criterion for recognizing when the labyrinth is using 'words containing strange power’. If English comes out, it’s using a trick. … ‘Trick.’ Ari is slowly starting to use aggressive language regarding the labyrinth. 

"You’re calling it a ‘trick.’ You’re also starting to be scared of your mom, aren’t you?" 

"Honestly, I am a little bit. It’s a wild superpower user who hasn’t received any training from the Management Bureau." 

"Wild superpower user?"

"They have no hesitation in using their powers on ordinary people and use their powers as naturally as breathing in their daily lives. That’s the typical behavior of wild superpower users. The Management Bureau strictly educates people so that they only use their power that deviates from common sense when absolutely necessary."

It feels like a good story about the Management Bureau, which I haven’t heard in a long time. It seems that one of the reasons the world I remember was reasonably livable was because of the Management Bureau.

"Gained, by the way, is there no ‘scenario’? The blessing is working properly."

"If there was something, I would have told you. There is nothing at all. It’s just some useless story like "The hotel party came into the labyrinth's hell ~" And it told me to wait for night."

"Will something happen when it gets dark?"

"Probably? Grandpa called you earlier. Why?"

"Strange traces of rituals. I need to look at it a bit longer. It’s a very old trace." 

"Should I go too?" Ari shook her head and replied. 

"It’s such a delicate and old trace that it’s better for non-professionals to stay away. Anyway, grandpa and I are narrowing down the candidates, and the results will come out by evening, so there’s no need for you to investigate." 

"It’s good that I don’t know what it is." 

"So, do what you have to do."

"Huh?"

"Go apologize to the labyrinth."

With those words, Ari disappeared again, giggling.  The teacher, Ari, they keep telling me to apologize. Isn't the one who used hypnotism more wrong? It’s a pointless story.  It means I should resolve the situation regardless of who’s right or wrong. It’s clear that the teachers won't understand anything about hypnotism anyway.

Finding the labyrinth was quite easy. I don't know how much he loves eye battles, but he was still outside playing with his friends, throwing snowballs.  Honestly, seeing him playing with the kids outside made him not look like a ‘malicious’ entity at all.  The only thing he did was play as much as he wanted, even during class. When you think about it, wanting to play all the time because class is boring is every kid’s wish. The labyrinth just happened to be born with the ability to fulfill that wish.  As I headed out to the playground, enjoying the comfortably cold weather, a normal winter feeling unlike the second floor of the hotel, the kids around me noticed me.  Are you guys the labyrinth's fan club?  The labyrinth definitely knows, but he didn't react much, but the kids made their faces look vicious and started approaching me.

"Hey! Han Gain! You –"

"What did you do with – just because the labyrinth wanted to play –" 

"Hurry up and apologize! You bad –" 

This feeling.  While I blankly listened to the noise of the ‘labyrinth fan club’ for a while, the surroundings suddenly became quiet. The labyrinth waved his hand once, as if to give me a second chance, the kids retreated, and with a stomp of his foot, they ran far away.  It was like an emperor of a monarchy, controlling 10 people with a wave of his hand.

"…" 

"Ahem! Ahem!"

He has an arrogant expression. Are you saying that you were wrong to me earlier, but I'm showing you mercy?  I’m starting to understand now.  The one who created Ari, someone who was a superhuman from birth, someone who even created followers in the Management Bureau. After removing all this mysterious packaging and looking at her objectively, the girl is just a middle schooler.  Her actions and way of thinking are ridiculously childish compared to Seungyeop. While I was annoyed by that fact, at the same time, it was somehow a relief. If she had been a creepy girl from that age, radiating an ominous aura with unknown intentions, and completely unreadable, I would have been 30 times more scared than I am now. 

"That… Labyrinth? I’m sorry about earlier. I was startled when I suddenly heard ‘strange words’ coming from your mouth."

"‘Strange words.'"

"…"

"Can you distinguish my words?"

It's a pointless question, but I understood the meaning immediately. It means asking if he can distinguish between the ordinary words he speaks and the words that contain power. 

"At least, they sound ordinary now."

— Hop! 

"…What are you doing?" 

"I was just looking at the sky."  I’m deliberately avoiding eye contact while talking, and it seems to be funny again.  The labyrinth starts jumping toward the direction my eyes are looking.

— Hop! Hop!

We had a different kind of eye battle.  Instead of throwing snowballs, we fought by locking eyes for a moment.

"Argh, I’m tired! Just be normal for a bit. But hey, what’s that pen you were using earlier?"

"…"

"If you answer ‘It's expensive,’ I’m going to bury you in the snow. I know it’s a strange thing."

"My late grandfather gave me this old family heirloom –"

"Don’t lie.  ‘Late’ is already a lie. I’m going to bury you up to your knees in snow for this."

Is this another superpower? Or did he just figure out I was lying because I was being clumsy? I can’t figure him out.

— Whoosh! A snowball came down and hit my body.

"Here we go again?"

— Whoosh!

"Aren’t you going to dodge?" 

"You said you were going to bury me up to my knees in snow."

— Smack!

"You really going to stand there and get buried in snow?"  

We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a merry Christmas 
And a happy New Year!

Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
And a happy New Year!

I hear cheerful music somewhere. I regain my senses while listening to the music, and I'm holding a snowball in each hand. Did I get hypnotized in the meantime?

"Aah! It has ice in it! He threw it with ice in it!"

It seems like I’m not under hypnosis, because my frozen fastball knocked out the labyrinth in one shot! Should I try it again?

"Here it comes!"

"Aah! He throws snowballs really well!"

We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a merry Christmas 
We wish you a merry Christmas 
And a happy New Year!

* About two hours passed. It was getting dark.  It seems like dinner time. I still don't know why this place is called ‘hell,’ but it seems like more than half a day has passed since we entered the labyrinth's hell.  During that time, the awkward atmosphere between me and the kids has faded. In the first place, it was just a childish power struggle.

"Hey! Hey!" 

"Huh?" 

"Let's all go inside now. It's already dark.  Aren't you hungry?" 

With those words, the kids started saying they were hungry one by one, creating a natural atmosphere of parting. 

"I want to stay a little longer…"

"Labyrinth, let's go in. It's getting late. And… it's dangerous at this late hour."

"Scenario understanding" informed me that something would start at night. There must be a reason why this place is called ‘hell.’  … While most of the kids are heading toward the dormitory, the labyrinth didn’t seem to want to go in, and he kept throwing snowballs at me.

"Let's go inside."

"Argh! You made everyone go inside because you said weird things!" 

"It wasn’t weird.  I just said let’s eat." 

"It’s annoying! Here it comes! – Oh, you dodged it?"

I’m getting tired.  My body got younger, but my mind hasn’t become a middle schooler’s, so I’m exhausted.  If I go back first, won’t he follow me? 

"I’m going in first."

"You’re really going to leave me alone?" 

"…" 

"You like me too, don’t you? Everyone likes me!" 

"I told you it’s no use."

"… You keep distinguishing between my words. How do you do it?"

— Whoosh. My breath stops. A strange sound from the gap between the moment, the moment split into 10 pieces and created time. An overwhelming silence descended on the space.  The sound of birds chirping from the trees. The sound of statues and cars melting away. The jingling sound of the Christmas tree swaying in the wind.  None of the noises could be heard.

— Whoosh.  Whoosh. I hear breathing. A deep and low breath, different from the breath of any human in this place, echoes in my ear.

"Gain?  What’s wrong?" 

And there’s a girl who doesn’t understand any of these changes… 

How in the world am I ‘feeling’ these changes?

[To be continued] 
