## Chapter 195 – Party Time – The Secret of the Second Floor (4) – 

Yan Jianyue temporarily shrunk her body into the form of a cat, perhaps ‘Coco’. As the door opened, a boy who looked to be in his early teens entered. 

“Coco~! I told you not to touch anything in my room!” 

Is this his room? Judging by the condition of the room, he seems to come from a very wealthy family. Though not quite to the level of a chaebol.

“No answer?  Aight!” He suddenly slapped her. What is he trying to do to a cat? Should I make a sound? — Mee-ee-ng! A strange sound came out, but it was unavoidable. This was my first time possessing a cat, so I didn’t know how to meow. The boy tilted his head for a moment, then warned her again not to do anything strange before leaving the room. 

Are you stupid?  Do cats understand warnings? Seeing such a careless attitude made me angry!  Maybe I should show him the wrath of a cat?  Should I just tear the wallpaper with my claws? … Calm down. There's no need to think like a real cat. More importantly, I felt a dark sensation deep inside me when I heard the boy's voice. What if I take over his body?  Wouldn't that be another way out? My heart beats wildly. Right now, I feel like ‘escape’ is within my grasp. 

At the same time, I realized another fact. The notation that used to appear in my vision, like [57:39], marking the 1-hour time limit for possession, had disappeared. 

Previously, Ari had theorized that the time limit caused by using the grimoire for possession was not a performance limitation of the grimoire itself, but rather a 'restriction imposed by the hotel' to prevent easy escape through body-swapping. This theory had its own basis. Unlike the 'Sacrifice' power, which had been completely edited, the 'Possession' power showed no signs of editing by the hotel. 

Also, there's another piece of evidence I discovered while using the grimoire. Things like the format of notifications and the font used for numbers are the same style as the hotel’s status windows, displays, and notifications. It's not something an unborn being left alone in the darkness for an eternity would have thought of when creating a grimoire.  

Therefore, it’s likely the time limit was imposed by the hotel, and my prediction seems to have been correct. The time limit disappeared once I escaped the snow globe and left the hotel. 

But can I really leave? Why did the Owl, in the first place, go through all that trouble to advise me and lead me to this place? To show me a new escape route? I don't think so. 

Although we don't know what the patrons' goals are, we can speculate based on what the former patron, Eun-sol, had said and what the Owl said. They want us to achieve as much as possible in the hotel, not escape.  Why did he tell me how to get out, even though he wouldn't want me to escape? The Owl knows that I won't leave 'in this manner'.

The desire to escape, which had flared up deep within me, fades like a match flame. I can’t go out. I can never leave in this way. Is it because it would be evil to take over the body of an innocent young boy? That's true too.  But there was a factor ten times more significant than that.

I'm the only one who can leave this way. My comrades, who don't have grimoires, have no way to get out like me, and there's no point in going out blindly.  How can a human smaller than a bug go outside and survive?  People in the outside world wouldn't even be able to see us without a magnifying glass! 

A few months ago, just before entering the Gate's room, Ari, I, and our comrades talked about everything, and Ari had said something. She said that although our party isn't that great as individuals, we are very strong as a group. It wasn't simply a feeling of being kind or altruistic, but rather a strong 'group consciousness'. I only realized the meaning of those words at this moment. I realized that what she said applies to me as much as it does to my comrades. 

How the hell am I supposed to leave? If I escape like this, what about my comrades?  Will they, who have lost their grimoires, their status windows, and their understanding of the scenario, be able to navigate the second floor?  I remember the chaotic times my comrades experienced after I was sealed in room 201, 'The Cube'. 

There's no answer. Escaping alone is essentially the same as telling the rest to go die.  In the past, American natives compared a person's conscience to a triangle. Every time a person acts against their conscience, the triangle rotates once, and its sharp edges pierce their heart. However, the continuously rotating triangle eventually has its edges dulled. 

Just now, the triangle in my heart rotated once. I decided to keep the triangle's sharpness.

* When I returned to my original body, I realized that my body was back inside the snow globe. It seemed that my comrades, feeling threatened by the appearance of the cat, then the human, had returned me to the snow globe. It must have been tough for Jincheol to carry my 200 kg+ weight, even with the exosuit, back inside. ...  Speaking of which, how will our weight be handled in the 'outside world'?  I don't know. 

As soon as I woke up and moved, Ari approached. 

“You're back.”

“Yeah. I don't have much information yet, but I'll tell you what I've learned.”

“Good job. And thank you.”

"..."

I was speechless for a moment. What exactly does 'good job, thank you' mean?  Does it mean I did a good job and I'm grateful for that? Or...  Stop thinking about it. It’s time to talk about more realistic matters. 

"I checked the clock in the room while I was possessed by the cat.  If the outside world’s time and the hotel's time are the same, it’s now 10:40. It seems like they are the same.”

“Really?”

“Think back to when the advice came. The Owl seemed quite urgent.  It means we need to do something before the repairs on the second floor are finished. We need to do it today. In other words, we only have 1 hour and 20 minutes left.” 

As always, time is short in the hotel. We can't come back here tomorrow, so we have to find something today. We need to decide whether to use a ticket tomorrow, and if so, what we will use it for. For example, if we decide to use it for resurrection, we need to decide who to resurrect. In three days, we'll have to go back to the room of curses again.  We need to do something. 

Hyeong, who was nearby, answered anxiously at the mention of needing to do something.

“In that dangerous place?”

"Yes. I’ve been thinking about it, but why did the patron lead us to this place? It’s not like the hotel would want to brag about being such a mysterious place.”

Grandfather expressed a similar opinion.

“There's no way he'd send us out there just to show off.  We’ll have to go back out there.  By the way, I wouldn't believe it if I hadn't seen it, but was that monster really a cat?  I thought so when I heard that little kid's voice, but the outside world was just a regular house?”

"It seems that way. The outside world just seems like a regular house somewhere on Earth.”

Ari muttered as if amused.

“Previously, they built it underwater, and now they built the first floor in the sky, and the second floor inside a snow globe?  I wonder where the limits of the hotel's location are.  The first and second floors are different, so the third floor must be different too. Where could the third floor be?”

“I wonder too.”

“Do you think it's possible? Maybe it's formed on Gain's fingernail.”

"..."

“Just kidding. Let's go back outside.  Shall we all go together?”

"No. I’ll go out alone this time.  We're too small compared to the outside world. I have to search by possessing the cat or the child.  And if others are with me, I'll be distracted and won't be able to search properly.”

Considering their size, if the cat or child even breathed heavily in front of my comrades, they’d be blown away. It's easier for me if the rest stay inside the snow globe.  After informing everyone of the situation, I went back out into the outside world.

* It didn't take long to get back outside and retake possession of the cat's body. Poor Coco, innocent of any wrongdoing, had been slapped by the kid and was hiding in the corner of the bookshelf, scared out of its wits, but because of its bright eyes, it was easy to find.  

Next is to ‘borrow’ the child’s body.

— Ziiiiing!  Ziiiiing!

"Minyoung! Come to your room for a second!"

“Ugh!  Is Coco ripping something again?!” 

... Looks like Coco's in for another scolding.  Sorry.  

Soon after, the boy came back with a bang.  I, possessing the cat's body, quickly moved behind the snow globe, and the moment the boy approached to pull the cat out, I returned to my original body. As the boy approached and picked up Coco, who had just regained consciousness and was looking around in confusion, I possessed his body. 

My head felt numb for a moment. Unlike possessing the cat, which had a limited intellect, ‘Kim Minyoung’ is human.  The moment I possessed him, a general amount of information about Kim Minyoung’s life flooded my mind.  There was nothing special. He’s in the third grade and is on summer break. That’s about it. 

I briefly looked in the mirror and muttered to myself. 

"Hmm. Talking to myself feels weird, but sorry. I’ll use it safely and return it. You won’t remember anything about this, of course. And Coco is innocent, so don’t scold it too much.” 

Definitely, human eyesight is far superior to a cat’s. I turned on the light in the dark room and sent Coco outside to prevent it from causing any trouble.  Now what should I do? First, I went towards the snow globe.

“Is this what caused the blizzard?”

The snow globe was quite expensive. It was the size of a human head and connected to an electrical cord.  I carefully examined the back of the snow globe, taking care not to shake it, and found three modes to choose from.

“One is power off, another is lamp mode, and the last one is Christmas mode?”

The reason the hotel’s second floor had a constant blizzard was very simple. It was simply because the snow globe was set to ‘Christmas mode’, and the electricity was continuously creating snow. 

I considered completely turning it off, but I thought it would be too dark, so I switched it to lamp mode.  The blizzard stopped, and a lighted environment was created. 

“That solves the blizzard problem for sure!  Anything else?”

The first task, ‘stopping the blizzard’, seems to be over.  But it feels underwhelming. It was a problem that didn't really matter if the hotel's ceiling was fixed tomorrow. 

I calmly looked around the room. I have about 50 minutes left, so it doesn’t seem like I should go out.  Around the room were Lego toys, mini-cars, a game console, and other things that Minyoung seemed to like.  There were several stacks of workbooks on the bookshelf.

“… Minyoung, 8 x 8 is not 88. You’re still getting multiplication wrong.  Okay, you're healthy, that’s all that matters.”

While looking through the Lego toys, I finally found another unique element. 

‘A Mysterious Craftsman’  It couldn’t be a coincidence that the names are the same.  I found the first hidden NPC on the second floor.  It's unexpected that the NPC was Lego.

Continue to the next chapter.
```