## Chapter 192 - Party Time - The Secret of the Second Floor (1)

Date: Day 94
Current Location: Frozen Hell - Resurrection Room
Sage's Advice: 0

After listening to Han Gain's drone's advice and returning to the second floor, we briefly checked on our companions who had gone back to the first floor. In a way, the "Prayer Team," who had experienced a much more difficult time than us, had all entered room 105 and hadn't come out. Grandpa called them through the chat window, but only Jin Cheol answered. The rest of the members seemed to be fast asleep. It was fortunate, or maybe not, but according to the companion information in the status window, they were all alive, so we weren't too worried. Wasn't room 105 the place where they would revive you even if you were left with only a breath of life, even if your limbs were torn off? Somehow, they would be able to get out unharmed.

We decided to focus on exploring the second floor. Time passed endlessly.

Kim Ari: "Anyone find anything?"

Kim Mook Seong: "It's cold. Nothing, really, nothing at all. We're not just starting the exploration today. It's been a while since we did it with Eun Sol, who already has the Dan Ang Geojo's eyes. Even someone with superhuman vision couldn't find anything other than the Frozen Hell after searching frantically. If we were to find something special just by searching on our own, that would be even stranger. The sections that are expected to become special rooms after completion are just ice now, and there's nothing around room 201, the only one that has already been formed. We opened the door to room 201, but the inside was empty, just like the outside. We searched the outside of the Frozen Hell that we had found, but again, there was nothing but ice and blizzards. Grandpa started searching the floor at some point, saying he was looking for some kind of ginseng, but it was futile. At least we could take breaks periodically in the Frozen Hell room, which blocked the outside cold, so we could explore for a long time. If not, nobody except me, wearing the protective suit, would be able to explore properly."

Around 5 PM, as dinner time approached, we finally returned to the Frozen Hell room and started to rest. Ari, who arrived a little earlier, sighed and took out some hot coffee.

"Have some, everyone. Did anyone find anything?"

"No… Can we even find anything on our own?"

"I thought the same. If there was anything we could find on our own, Eun Sol, who supposedly has the eyes of a superhuman, would have found it long ago. In other words, we're trying to find something that even someone with a super powerful telescope and magnifying glass couldn't find, with our naked eyes."

"Did Grandpa find anything? I heard you're looking for ginseng."

"..."

"You didn't find it and eat it all by yourself, did you?"

Grandpa's response to Ari's dry joke was a deep sigh.

"Why is there still a blizzard… When you think about it, the 'setting' of this damned hotel is arbitrary, isn't it? You said the resentment of the dead that seeped out of Hell is the cause of the cold?"

"That's right."

"But this room, where the door to that Hell is, is quite warm, and the snow is coming down from the sky, unrelated to Hell! This damn second floor doesn't even have a ceiling! Will it appear after the repairs are finished?"

"That's right… When you think about it, the setting is bogus. The snow is coming down from the sky, unrelated to Hell, and the place near Hell, which is said to be the source of the cold, is actually warm."

While Ari and Grandpa were complaining about the hotel's "bogus setting," I started to get a subtle feeling. It wasn't the first time the hotel was arbitrary, so there was no need to dwell on it. If it were a normal hotel, it wouldn't invite customers to a place where construction wasn't finished. We needed to understand the prayer for peace, resurrection, and other things related to Frozen Hell as a kind of game quest connected to the hotel's internal progress, so we shouldn't obsess over the setting itself. 

Rather, wasn't this bogus setting itself a trap to hide something?  Ignore the setting, which is obviously made up by the hotel, and look at the reality. What is the 'real reason' why the second floor is frozen?  It must be because of the blizzard outside, right?

… — Suddenly!

"Gain? What are you doing?"

"Blizzard."

"Yeah?"

"How is the blizzard blowing?"

"What do you mean - "

"The outside of the front door on the first floor was the sky. A tremendously high sky! The clouds were far below us. Where were we? It's hard to tell exactly, but judging by the fact that the clouds were far below, we were probably at the top of the troposphere?"

"Um… Probably?"

"The hotel is above the clouds. Snow forms in the clouds. How can there be a blizzard on a hotel above the clouds, even if it doesn't have a ceiling?"

Ari and Grandpa both opened their mouths wide, and everyone's gaze turned towards the sky. I remembered the 'mountain' that my sister found with the Dan Ang Geojo's eyes when we first explored the second floor. I also remembered the fact that we couldn't use the chat window when Grandpa was on the first floor and we were on the second. Why was that? We already confirmed the distance limit of the chat window through the 'Metamorphosis Media' and 'Horror Mansion.' It's much wider than we thought, and it wouldn't be blocked just because we changed floors within the building. 

"My sister said she saw something that looked like a 'mountain' beyond the ceiling of the second floor. The location of the second floor is different from the first floor. Maybe!"

Maybe the second floor is actually on land.

Around 5:30 PM, we went down to the first floor and called Jin Cheol back. Grandpa was acting unlike himself.

"I'm sorry to call you when you're resting. The situation is a bit urgent…."

Grandpa trailed off, and Jin Cheol smirked, as if he found his attitude absurd.

"What kind of apology is that? It doesn't suit you. Just tell me why."

I told him the hint we received from the owl and drone, the blizzard falling through the ceiling, and the fact that the second floor's location was different from the first, and I suggested we try to go outside the second floor.

"Wow! I've been outside the second floor many times, and I know there's no ceiling, but I never thought of breaking through the wall to go outside.  After all, even if I did break through, since the location is in the sky, I'd just fall to my death."

"We just realized that now. We thought the hotel was in the sky because, of course, the first floor's location was in the sky. Who would have thought the second floor was somewhere else!"

"How are you going to get out? By breaking through the wall? Now that I think about it, you, Gain, already destroyed a hotel before, didn't you?"

"Yes. The durability of this hotel is no different from an ordinary building. We can definitely break through the wall and get out."

However, I couldn't break it with my bare fists, unless I were to use something like the "Descend." Even if I wore the protective suit and gained superhuman strength, I couldn't break through a concrete building with that much force. There's only one person among us who could break a building with brute force.

After arriving on the second floor, things started to move swiftly. Jin Cheol, who had become noticeably gaunt from praying in front of the incense of peace, was still strong as ever. At first, he was considering using the power of the "Interstellar Fragment," but he soon decided to use the method he used in "The Cube," considering our safety and his own limits.

—  Bang! Bang! ...

Ari looked impressed.

"Even if I saw it twice, it's amazing. Did the hotel expect this when it gave us the protective suits? I can't believe someone would use the protective suit as an 'indestructible club!'"

I got curious and asked.

"Didn't you have anything like this in your first hotel experience?"

"No. Looking back now, the location of the second floor may have been different even then, but no one had the same realization as us back then. Everyone thought the second floor was naturally at the bottom of the sea, so they didn't even think about breaking through the walls."

I was amazed. The fact that the first and second floors could exist in physically 'different spaces' is a very hard thing to imagine. It's something that wouldn't be possible in the real world. In the case of the first floor, we could check the outside space through the transparent glass door, so it was easy to assume that the 'entire hotel' was in the same location as the first floor. Just as we assumed that the entire hotel was naturally in the sky, Ari's first party naturally assumed that the entire hotel was in the ocean.  

When you think about it, there were not a few hints. 

1. There is a mountain-like object beyond the ceiling of the second floor. There are very few mountains that could be higher than the clouds, and even those mountains only have the top part above the clouds, so it's not easy for a hotel that is far higher than the clouds to 'look up' at a location like that.

2. The first floor is in the sky above the clouds, but it's snowing on the second floor, formed from clouds.

3. The physical distance between the first and second floor in a normal building is only about 10 meters. The chat window shouldn't be blocked by that distance.

4. The horizontal width of the second floor is far greater than the first floor.

All these hints pointed to the fact that the first and second floor were not one physically connected building, but rather separate places formed in separate spaces.

"The fact that we used the 'elevator' to move between the first and second floor led to our misunderstanding."

"Since we were moving by elevator, we naturally assumed we were going 'up'."

"Was the owl's advice to pay attention to the reason why the repair time was different, was that what it meant?"

Ari nodded.

"If the repairs were finished and the ceiling appeared, we wouldn't have been able to notice it at all. If the 'mountain' were no longer visible and the 'snow' stopped coming in, most of the clues would disappear."

"What's outside the second floor?"

"I don't know… I hope it's not a monster. And…"

"And?"

"This is like pouring cold water on things before they even begin, but I don't think we'll be able to escape this way. It's just a feeling."

—  Bang! Rumble!

A sound like thunder and something collapsing could be heard.  Jin Cheol finally used his invincible pickaxe to break through the wall and create a hole leading to the outside of the second floor. It wasn't much different from the second floor. After all, the blizzard that turned the second floor into hell must have come from outside the hotel. The heavy snow and sharp wind that felt like torture made it hard to even open your eyes. However, there was 'land' outside the second floor. With our mouths wide open, we felt a sense of awe as we carefully stepped onto the 'land' outside the hotel. 

On day 94 after entering the Hotel Pioneer, we arrived at a space outside the hotel for the first time.

To be continued.
```