## Chapter 162 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (11) – Kim Ari

Clang! As I retreated, a hand, sharp as a blade, sliced through the spot where my neck had been.

“Oh? You dodged? Not bad - ” Before Beatrix could finish her sentence, a flash erupted from Songyi's wrist.

“What the - ” She began to rub her eyes in confusion. Soon she’ll be creating eyes all over the place. I don’t plan to give her the chance. The cramped mansion was filled with blinding brilliance. In an instant, the scale, having pierced the concrete wall, slammed down on Beatrix. At the same time, Cha Jincheol and I began to blast the eyeballs Beatrix had started creating with our rifles. This was our first operation! Songyi distorts Beatrix's senses while Cha Jincheol and I keep destroying her eyeballs with rifle fire. As Beatrix flailed, Elena takes the offensive. Beatrix’s powerful body, which had once treated bullets like a refreshing shower, couldn't keep taking the weight of the Scale of Justice, imbued with enough force to shatter the building. Soon, Beatrix's upper body was completely crushed. Shockingly, even in that state, her monstrous body continued to regenerate endlessly! The power of justice alone wasn't enough. Seeing that Cha Jincheol, who had previously held back from summoning stars out of concern for collateral damage due to the mansion's cramped size, was about to take action, he was forced to summon stars.

Rumble! The entire mansion shook. It wasn't just shaking; the mansion was spinning 360 degrees! What kind of structure is this damn cube? We were thrown about, unable to maintain our balance, while Beatrix, with her upper body almost entirely gone, calmly ‘flew’ out the window.

“She can fly?” Cha Jincheol exclaimed, dumbfounded. “Durability harder than concrete, regenerative abilities that would make planarians cry, the power to create eyes everywhere, and now the ability to fly. She even creates monsters. What can’t she do? The Management Bureau made this? Ari, are there monsters like this on Earth?”

I had nothing to say, so I closed my mouth. A brief lull fell over us. Songyi spoke, confused.

“Is this it? It didn't feel like it would end so easily?”

“Of course not. Look at Elena.”

Elena's justice was still radiating light everywhere. It wasn't over yet.

“Seungyeop.”

“Yes?”

I pointed to the mirror silently, and Seungyeop rushed towards it. Based on my feeling, the second round will start soon. We need to secure an escape.

Creak! Seungyeop, about to leave through the mirror, was grabbed by something and flung into the air. The mansion's roof, or rather, its ‘lid’, was peeled back. I understood the structure of the Cube.

Gazing outwards, I saw Elena blocking Beatrix's clawing hands with two Scales. What a mysterious space. If not for the situation where we had to fight Beatrix, I'd want to endlessly explore the surroundings. A bizarre space enveloped in dark blue mist, with countless translucent boxes floating in all directions. In the distance, the floor looked like a red wasteland. The boxes were connected by cables that we referred to as ‘underground tunnels’. Most of the boxes were filled with ‘mansions’. Maybe those are the mimicry rooms or escape rooms? Some boxes had no mansions, only huge, blurry monsters. Those boxes are probably the ‘bust’ rooms? It was a different dimension from what Cha Jincheol had seen, peeking through the crack he'd made with his protective suit.  The ‘true structure’ of the Cube was so incredibly mysterious that I was speechless upon seeing it directly. The lid of the box we were in had been peeled back, and from above came the laughter of Beatrix, who had regenerated her shattered upper body.

“Ahaha! Thanks, everyone! It’s been a while since I had such a fun fight.”

In the meantime, Elena and Beatrix's fight continued relentlessly. Since Beatrix was in the air, Jincheol and Songyi, who couldn't fly, were at a loss. The range of the bracelet's power didn't reach her either, and rifles were essentially BB guns, so they were useless. Elena was essentially fighting Beatrix alone. She blocked a Scale, which had flown at her, generating a sonic boom, with her body, which was as big as a bus. I could feel the Scale’s power diminishing against the monster. However, since Beatrix was human and the monsters were her tools, the power of justice didn't seem to be nullified. But it wasn't as powerful as when she was facing Beatrix directly. As a result, Beatrix's laughter wouldn't stop.

Crack! The outer walls of every box began to open one by one. Monsters from other rooms were seen walking across the cables towards the box we were in. Huh! Now she’s calling up all the monsters from the other boxes? This really won’t be easy.

Even amidst this, the Scale kept flying towards Beatrix, unleashing golden waves, but we couldn't avoid defeat with this strategy. I didn’t know what happened to Seungyeop, who was trying to escape, and I had no idea how to escape due to the Cube’s twisted structure.

“Elena! Can you hear me?”

“Yes.”

“Justice is weaker against monsters, so we’re at a disadvantage in this state.”

“Ari…”

“You may force the fight with justice, but you can choose the location and method. Just fly away and fight Beatrix one-on-one. Don’t stay here!”

“If I leave - ”

“There’s nothing that will change even if you stay here because you’re worried about us dying. It’s better for you to kill Beatrix for our sake!”

Elena looked back at us with a sad expression for a moment, then hardened her expression and flew towards Beatrix.

Bang! Meanwhile, a bladed weapon came through the crack in the collapsed wall and hit Songyi. Cha Jincheol, who had used a metal bar he’d found somewhere to deflect the bladed weapon, said, 

“That applies to you too, doesn’t it? You can fly, unlike us. Just fly away and help Elena.”

“If she’s an opponent Elena can't beat alone, helping her alone won't be enough.”

“Even so, it’s better than nothing - ”

“I'm going with you. Your stars are sure to work.”

“Can you fly with me? Didn’t you say before that it's hard to carry someone while flying?”

“For a short time, I can. If you give up on living. So grab me and jump upwards! Full power!”

Cha Jincheol didn't say anything else. He grabbed one of the steel bars that appeared as the mansion collapsed, then grabbed me with his other hand. Right before we jumped, Songyi waved her hand, saying she was fine, even though she was lying on the floor. A hornet the size of a house emerged from the wall next to her and covered her.

Boom! The floor burst, and Cha Jincheol and I were flung upwards, almost 10 meters!

“Did you learn pole vaulting too?”

“Just fly!”

My blood is being drained at an incredible speed. I guess I’m doomed this round. Cha Jincheol and I flew into the strange space beyond, towards the scene of the battle between Elena and Beatrix, like an angel versus demon battle.

My decision to have Elena fly and fight was the right one. Most of the monsters didn’t even have the ability to fly. In a one-on-one fight, Elena clearly had the upper hand. Beatrix was busy dodging and blocking the Scale.

“Can you see?”

“I can. It looks like Elena will win if we just let them be?”

“You can't just think about the short-term. That woman, unlike Elena, has exceptional regenerative ability.”

On the other hand, the brilliance in Elena's body was gradually losing its shine. Elena looked back at us. The next moment, the Scale, as if by some magic, slammed Beatrix into a box.

“Now!”

I dropped Cha Jincheol towards the box where Beatrix was trapped. Cha Jincheol, who was propelled further forward by inertia, fell towards the box. That should be enough. I’m really exhausted. My flying ability is terrible in terms of fuel efficiency after all. Jincheol, next time, ask your sponsor to give you wings. I’ve used up too much blood. I’m too tired to even float anymore. My tension eased, and I fell endlessly towards the ground. The red wasteland I’d seen from afar was approaching.

… … …

What is this? It wasn’t a wasteland or dirt on the ground. A vast space, an endless expanse of heterogeneous corpses filling the horizon. The end of the world, as the Buddhists say, where hell is realized. This was the last memory I had.

– Elena is incredibly sturdy, isn’t she? That monster was less like a creature made of protein and more like a concrete building, no, even more durable than that! On top of that, it constantly regenerated, like a mold growing in a nutrient-rich petri dish! The Scale’s destructive power simply couldn’t end it. Even after more than 90% of the power of justice was depleted, Beatrix still persisted. Thankfully, her offensive power didn't seem to be as strong as her durability and regenerative ability. Maybe, given her tough body, she was only going to have her monsters attack while she flew around and maintained distance?

However, in the end, aerial combat turned out to be Beatrix’s blunder! I could fly too, and Ari came and brought Jincheol with her. But most of Beatrix’s powerful weapons, her monsters, couldn’t fly.

As the power of justice was slowly depleted, and I thought we were going to lose, Ari brought Jincheol. She used all her remaining strength to bind Beatrix! Jincheol arrived and summoned a star, shoving it into Beatrix's mouth. Sure enough, Beatrix's body, which even the power of the Scale couldn't easily kill, contorted in an instant, losing its durability and regenerative abilities.  All that remained were grotesque, twisted flesh. Around that time, the Scale lost its light and disappeared, but Jincheol just punched the flesh and crushed it completely. A triumphant smile appeared on the faces of those who remained.  This time, will one of Jincheol and I gain an inheritance?

“Hahaha!  The combination of Elena and I is invincible, isn’t it?”

“Good job!”

“Good job. We will gain one more inheritance - ”

Jincheol's expression froze instantly.

Whoosh! When I regained consciousness, Jincheol was already dragging me, rolling along the ground.

“You dodged? Well, you guys really are strong! It’s the first time I’ve seen people this powerful. What are you?”

Beatrix's body began to be ‘created’ in mid-air. First, only her arms appeared, aiming for my vital points, then her torso, then her legs, and finally her head.  Ah.  Now I understand. Beatrix's incredibly diverse abilities, which were hard to comprehend. She didn't have numerous superpowers.  All of her abilities stemmed from a single power.  She created the monster ‘Beatrix’ with her power to mold monsters.

My body went limp, and I collapsed to the floor. I saw Jincheol summoning another star and rushing towards her. With the power of a star, it wouldn't take five seconds to destroy Beatrix. However, five seconds was enough time for Beatrix to sever Jincheol's neck 10 times. Jincheol’s head rolled next to me.

… Is this the end? Really? Like this? Unutterable despair sets in. Something sharp pierced my abdomen. Before I lost consciousness, Beatrix's expression hardened.

“What? You! What did you do to headquarters?”

Sorry, but you should have asked that question before you poked a hole in my stomach.  I lost consciousness, clinging to a sliver of hope, just a sliver.

To be continued… 
