## Chapter 165 – Room 201, The Cursed Room – ‘The Cube’ (14)

Han Gain opened his eyes with a feeling of ‘It’s all your fault!’. At the same time, a frigid wind, sharp enough to tear through his skin, seeped in.

“Ugh~! This hotel is really something! This weather is just not right!” He muttered about the weather while glancing at his companions. What kind of mood would they be in this time? Would it be similar? Most of them were in a daze, sighing deeply. Room 201, isn’t this a bit too much? At this rate, I’m going to end up just sleeping through the whole thing. At least let me out!

“Come on, come on, cheer up! I have a lot to tell you, so let’s go!” At least one person seemed to be in a very good mood.  Seeing Eunsol’s cheerful expression, everyone seemed to brighten up and started to leave. I wonder what’s going on?

The companions began to chatter as soon as they entered the elevator to escape the cold. From the sounds of it, the ones who went to fight Beatrice seemed to have gotten the worst of it. They heard tired talk about how her main body must be somewhere else, and how there’s no way to kill her.

After returning to the warm Room 105, Eunsol’s detailed explanation began. 

She went on for a while about how she and her grandfather had been active in the headquarters. There were many parts that made him gasp in awe.  Everyone spontaneously applauded her grandfather’s countermeasure for the confession serum and Eunsol’s ability to bring in the Management Bureau’s forces. When she recalled the memory of Pero’s seal being broken and his sacrifice to allow them to escape, Han Gain became so tense that he started to sweat. Eunsol seemed overwhelmed with emotion, suddenly hugging Pero who was next to her and rubbing her cheek against his.  She finally let go after he bit her ear.

After the story was finished, she began her explanation of the gathered information.

“Where should I begin? Okay, let’s talk about it in chronological order.  In the 1980s, an entity called ‘The Eye of the Zeroth Dimension’ suddenly appeared.  Nobody knew where it came from or what its purpose was.  The moment it appeared, it took the entire world into its vision, and people who began to perceive the ‘Eye’ were instantly driven mad. According to the charts, the world collapsed within half a year.”

He couldn’t help but point out the ridiculousness of the story right from the beginning.

“The world collapsed?”

“According to the documents I’ve seen, yes.  Of course, judging by the quality of the weapons we used inside Room 201, and the Management Bureau’s army that we saw at the last moment, it didn’t feel like a collapse…  Well, they’re a very powerful organization, so maybe they managed to somehow recover the world.”

His grandfather nodded.

“‘The Eye of the Zeroth Dimension’… That’s the ‘Eye’ Elena and Gain saw, that must be the one.

“It must be, right? I’ll continue the explanation.  At that time, the Management Bureau managed to seal the Eye of the Zeroth Dimension somehow.  Right at that moment, our very own Senior Researcher Han Gain stepped in!”

Suddenly, everyone’s gaze turned to him. He didn’t know what to say, so he remained silent.

“It isn’t clearly recorded what kind of method the Senior Researcher used.  Judging by the circumstances, it seems he used a tool called ‘The Unequal-Sided Polyhedron’.  The truth is… from several records, the Senior Researcher vaguely described, didn’t seem like a person.”

He was becoming more and more curious.

“What kind of person was I in the role I was assigned?”

“You thought of a sophisticated intellectual image because of the job title ‘Senior Researcher’, right?  You weren’t that.  According to Patrick’s journal, he was a freak with devilish charisma.”

Ari seemed to find the phrase funny.

“Gain, stop doing devilish things in the future!”

“…”

“Alright. Anyway, the Senior Researcher used the Unequal-Sided Polyhedron to seal the Eye of the Zeroth Dimension in a strange space inaccessible by ordinary means, and he was greatly promoted for his service.  Then, quite a lot of time passed.  In the 1990s, the infamous Beatrice appeared in New York.”

Here it comes. Beatrice.

“From the time she was discovered, Beatrice had the ability to create monsters.  She lost both her parents at a young age because of this power. The Management Bureau initially wanted to eliminate Beatrice.  They considered her ability to be useful, but since they couldn’t control the monsters, they decided that it was nothing more than a natural disaster.”

He knew this story.

“That’s where I was active again. I made Beatrice able to control her power, right?”

“That’s right. I found some more detailed information.  During the Senior Researcher’s experiment, Beatrice created countless monsters, but most of them were failures.  This endless creation of failures was a big problem.  Here, failure didn’t mean that the monsters were weak.”

“It meant that they were uncontrollable monsters.  Beatrice couldn’t control them, but they were incredibly powerful monsters.”

“Correct. And, our Senior Researcher Han Gain was active again. He remembered the place where he sealed the Eye of the Zeroth Dimension in the past.”

Ari, having heard that far, opened her mouth in disbelief.

“You wouldn’t… did he build a research lab inside the place where the evil god is sealed? Did Beatrice create monsters endlessly there, and throw the failures to the evil god?”

“To think you understand right away, you really are a Management Bureau alumni, Ari.” His grandfather reacted with disbelief.

“To think, to think they actually crossed the line… ” Jinchul couldn’t hold back and asked.

“Grandpa, did our world’s Management Bureau do something like that too?”

“Such outrageous actions are rare.”

Songi sighed.

“Rare, so it means it wasn’t impossible.”

“…”

Ari added, as if making excuses.

“No matter how much the Management Bureau goes against common sense, that’s crossing the line.  To think they created monsters and even planned to use them…  That’s never a normal situation.  It’s definitely that Han Gain, that guy’s fault.”

It wasn’t his story, but it felt like it was.  He felt like his breath was getting stuck in his throat.

Eunsol seemed to have a hunch.

“Think back to the story I told you earlier. According to the records, the world on the stage was on the verge of ruin by a wicked god.  The Senior Researcher Han Gain saved it.  To exaggerate a bit, he achieved deeds like a savior, saving the world. How high would his status have risen?  The Management Bureau is ultimately a human organization.  Would anyone dare to oppose someone who saved the earth?”

After hearing this far, he organized his own understanding of the truth behind Room 201.

First, in the 1980s, an overwhelming entity called ‘The Eye of the Zeroth Dimension’ appeared and pushed the world to the brink of extinction. The Senior Researcher sealed the wicked god with a tool called ‘The Unequal-Sided Polyhedron’ and saved the world.

Second, in the 1990s, a girl named Beatrice appeared, who had the power to create monsters. Initially, she couldn’t control the monsters, but the Senior Researcher began an experiment to control her ability. This process produced countless failed monsters.

Third, the Senior Researcher built a research lab inside the place where the wicked god was sealed. He conducted Beatrice’s experiment inside the seal, and threw all the failures to the evil god to be killed.

Once he realized the big picture, the information the group had gathered began to be interpreted one by one.

Ari was the first to speak.

“I saw a ridiculous place right before I died.  I initially thought it was a red wasteland, but as I got closer, it was just a massive lake filled with endless corpses of monsters.  That place was the trash can.”

Songi also nodded.

“The cube was like a monster breeding room. They created monsters inside the dozens of boxes, and if it looked okay, they would take them out and use them, and if it was no good, they would open the box and flip it over, so the monster would fall to the bottom.”

“The reason why Patrick confidently said that the facility couldn’t be blown up is because that place was where the Eye of the Zeroth Dimension was sealed, right?” His grandfather replied.

“Probably.  Indeed, according to Eunsol, they prepared helicopters and armored units, but they didn’t physically destroy the facility and just waited, right? They must have waited for Beatrice to come out.”

“Then Patrick underestimated the Management Bureau. Since the facility couldn’t be physically destroyed, he was deceived into thinking it was safe, and suffered from the biochemical weapons.”

“Well, it’s common for puny people to gain supernatural powers and think they’re great, underestimating the Management Bureau, only to be caught.”

Seungyeop asked.

“If they threw the failures into the trash can at the bottom of the cube, where did the successes go?”

“Aren’t the ones who remained in the cube the successful ones?  Beatrice could actually control those monsters.”

“I guess so?” He also had a question.

“Didn’t you say that over a hundred people had died in the mansion by the time you entered? Why are they pulling in ordinary people to kill? Doing that would be just asking to be noticed by the Management Bureau.”

Ari seemed to be pondering, then came up with a hypothesis.

“Maybe the monsters Beatrice creates are the type that need to eat people.”

Hearing that, he couldn’t help but ask.

“So, the Management Bureau tried to use a girl who created monsters that must eat people as a ‘useful weapon’?”

“..Why are you asking me? I’m just a 15-year-old girl who doesn’t know anything.”

Silence fell over the room at those ridiculous words.

There were still many unanswered questions.  For example, how did the Senior Researcher end up trapped in the tank? If they could put him in that place, they could have killed him too, so why didn’t they?  Eunsol seemed to have not found any information on that part either.  It’s unavoidable. They can’t uncover all the secrets related to the Cursed Room, and they don’t need to.  They just need to find out as much as they need to solve it.

The next topic of conversation was ‘How to undo Han Gain’s seal’.

Eunsol told him the location of the place where he was imprisoned and the conditions needed to undo the seal.  As he listened, he realized it wouldn’t be easy at all.

“It won’t be as simple as storming the headquarters and obliterating everything, will it?”

“No. According to the information I found, your seal can only be undone by Patrick and Beatrice.”

“This is difficult.  I can’t ask Beatrice to guide us, so do we need to brainwash Patrick somehow?”

He looked at Ari, curious.

“If it was an ordinary person, I could control them just by looking at them. Even if they were strong-willed, they wouldn’t resist if I forcefully fed them my blood.  The problem is that Patrick is not an ordinary person. He’ll have ways to resist.  Catching Patrick alive is a hurdle in itself.”

Jinchul seemed to be thinking.

“If we have to, I can force my way in and destroy it.”

“Do I have to explain again why that’s dangerous?”

“I understand.  Just thinking of it as a kind of Plan D.”

Songi raised a problem from a different perspective.

“It seems we’re all going to go to headquarters in the next round, but what about Beatrice?  If we start running wild in the headquarters, Beatrice will also move towards the headquarters.”

Elena answered simply.

“I’ll save Justice for then and use it when Beatrice arrives.  After that, while I’m blocking her, you guys can go and release Gain, okay?”

The outline of their third attempt was beginning to take shape.  They would all move to the headquarters through the TV, demolish the headquarters, and release him from the seal.  If Beatrice attacks them on the way, Elena would buy them time against her.  After that, they would kill Beatrice together with him after he is resurrected!  Everyone started to rejoice, finally seeing the solution to Room 201 right in front of them.

Amidst that joy, he…  to be honest, felt extremely uneasy. There was one crucial problem missing from the plan his companions came up with.  Everything is good, but how are you going to kill that Beatrice?  Everyone just thought ‘If we undo the seal of the great Senior Researcher Han Gain, we’ll be able to stop Beatrice somehow’, and made their plans! Is this for real? Is this a reliable strategy?  He didn’t even know what Beatrice looked like, but his companions had a feeling that they would be able to take care of Beatrice once they released him.  It made him very anxious!

Eventually, he couldn’t hold it in and opened his mouth.

“That… I’m sorry if I’m ruining the mood, but seriously, even if I’m released from the seal, can I really beat Beatrice?  What about summoning the Management Bureau again?”

Eunsol reacted rather gloomily.

“...There’s something I didn’t tell you.”

(To be continued) 
