## Chapter 158 - Room 201, The Cursed Room - ‘The Cube’ (7) - Han Gain

After the evening meeting, we moved to the terrace on the first floor. Elena was still in a semi-deranged state, leaning against the wall. I deliberately lowered my gaze and asked, “Elena, are you alright?” 

“…”

“Elena, you haven't eaten dinner. If you’re too tired, maybe you should get some rest?” 

“…”

“Just leave her be. If Gain’s advice is right, she'll be back to normal tomorrow.” 

When I asked about Elena’s recovery earlier, the advice I received was this. I felt something was off when I heard it then, and it still feels weird now. 

Ari, sensing a similar uneasiness, nudged me. 

“Come to think of it, that's strange, isn’t it? Why is it only Elena who’ll be treated tomorrow?”

“And why is that considered a courtesy?”

By that point, the other members were also feeling the oddness. 

“Yeah, why did they give us mental treatment right after we came out, but leave Elena alone and treat her the next day? I don’t even understand why that’s considered a courtesy.”

Why is delaying treatment a courtesy for us? What kind of harm is there in the treatment process? 

!!! A flash of realization, like lightning striking my head!

The grandfather, who had the same realization, shouted, “We need to interrogate Elena before she loses her memory!”

This grandfather uses the term ‘interrogate’ in the middle of all this. 

“What interrogation? But we definitely need to find out something. Elena is in a situation where she’s gone insane after seeing something beyond human comprehension, right? They will make her forget about what she saw during the treatment process.”

My sister said, slapping her knee, “And we have to find out about those memories!” 

Everyone gathered around Elena, eyes wide. Several people tried to talk to her repeatedly and shook her shoulders. 

… Elena still wasn’t showing a normal reaction. She would suddenly scream and push us away, or just stare blankly for a long time. 

Finally, everyone’s gaze fell on me. I sighed. There was a reason I didn’t use the magic book from the beginning. The status window can’t be used while possessing someone else’s body. What if I possess Elena and try to read her memories, only to go crazy myself? 

But there’s no other way now. And since I'm going to be sealed anyway, what’s the big deal if I go crazy, right? The hotel will treat me. I used the power of the magic book to possess Elena’s body.

* – Han Gain …

It's sinking. I slowly sunk into Elena’s mind, like a feather falling endlessly. I’ve possessed people many times, but just because I possess them doesn’t mean I can read all of their memories instantly. If that was even possible, my brain would have fried every time I possessed someone. 

Usually, the general information, the information I needed at that moment, would come to me in a properly summarized form. Maybe the magic book is doing the processing? Every time, I remember what Song-yi said. We don’t truly understand and use transcendent power, we simply use the tools imbued with that power. Just like most citizens of modern society don’t understand the fundamental principles of television and computers, but learn how to use them and use them anyway. 

… My consciousness delved deeper. The magic book found the necessary information from Elena’s muddled mind. I found myself transformed into Elena. 

“Seon Seo,” strange phrases echoed. It felt like hands were reaching out from the TV, grabbing Elena and pulling her in. 

Inside the TV was a white space. A giant cauldron. The scene of boiling oil splattering. If Grandfather Mook-seong hadn’t broken the TV in time, would Elena have been pulled into that cauldron?

Thinking about it, it’s definitely scary. But that’s all. I don’t think a boiling oil cauldron can make someone insane just by knowing it exists. Is there anything else around? There must be something besides the cauldron. 

I see it. Something wriggling starts to appear around me. I understand what this place is. 

Something’s strange. Aside from these things, something else is in this space- Heaven has eyes indeed. Am I like an ant crawling on the ground, even worse than that? Even the most insignificant creature in the world is greater than me. At least they have a physical form-

“Shut the hell up, you blind b*tch!”

I see my colleagues, shocked at my shouting as soon as I come out. I’ll soon forget the scene I saw too. Right before all my intellect melts away, I frantically shout three words and pass out.

“Research Institute!” 

* Date: Day 82. Current location: Floor 1, Room 105, Room of Rest. Sage’s Advice: 3]

I woke up to the morning. I remember up to the moment I possessed Elena, but nothing after that. Did I lose all my memories? Thinking about it a little more, I don’t have the memory of the possession itself, but I have a faint memory of what I shouted after coming out. ‘Research Institute’. I did find out something. I felt a little sense of accomplishment and went out to meet my colleagues. 

* “Oppa, are you alright?”

“Are you really okay now?”

As soon as I came out, I heard my colleagues' worried voices. I reassured each of them that I was okay, then I checked if Elena had come out.

Across the table, Elena, upon making eye contact with me, smiled faintly instead of screaming. They definitely treated her! 

After I reached the table, we started discussing the information we obtained from Elena’s memory. 

“What was I thinking when I shouted ‘Research Institute’?”

Ari giggled. “That’s like a riddle. You’re asking us what you were thinking when you said it.” 

“I barely remember that point in time.”

“Isn’t the interpretation obvious? Elena’s memory is related to what she saw inside the TV. You saw it and shouted ‘Research Institute’. So, doesn’t that mean there’s a research institute beyond the TV display?”

Everyone agreed with Ari’s interpretation. Even I couldn’t interpret it differently. I finally feel like I’m starting to understand the location of the research institute where I’m trapped. Also, since it’s such crucial information, the hotel must have deliberately made our memories fade slowly as a courtesy. 

Jin-cheol hyung said what was obvious. 

“We obviously need to go to the Research Institute.”

“Of course, I’m in that situation, right?” 

“No, what I meant was… how are we going to get there? We can’t move when the TV turns on. We can’t force it open either. I couldn’t even budge a finger.”

Elena, who had been quiet for a while, spoke. 

“If you stay still, the TV will pick one of you and pull them in. I know for sure, I experienced it.” 

“To be more precise, they’ll pull you in to put you in the cauldron. We can’t go in like that. We have to find a way to break the paralysis caused by the TV.”

Mook-seong grandfather, the one who broke the paralysis, replied.

“Well, haven’t we figured out a way to break it? Even in a paralyzed state, my glove still works. If I shoot the TV with my gun, it’s broken.” 

Eun-sol unnie pointed out a flaw. 

“If you shoot the TV and break it, the passage to the research institute will also disappear. We need to find a way to break the paralysis without destroying the TV.”

… Then, silence fell upon the table.

Our goal is to go beyond the TV display and reach the research institute that lies beyond it. The problem is that everyone is paralyzed when the TV turns on, and the TV tries to drag us away and kill us cruelly. To stop the TV’s attempt to kill, if we smash it with a gun, the passage will also disappear. 

We have enough information about the TV. However, we can’t put the information together properly, so we’re confused about the answer.

‘Is there a way to break the paralysis without destroying the TV?’ 

“Hmm… I just used the advice, and it said, ‘What is the cause of the paralysis?’” 

Jin-cheol hyung was bewildered. 

“Of course, it’s the TV! Are you saying there’s some other cause besides the TV?”

After pondering for a while, Ari replied. 

“That’s not what it means. I just remembered. We weren’t paralyzed when the TV turned on. When it first turned on, we were all startled and said, ‘What is that?’. We were paralyzed when ‘Seon Seo’ started coming from the TV.”

Mook-seong grandfather sighed. 

“My memory is similar, but is there a difference? The TV turned on and ‘Seon Seo’ came out after a while.” 

Silence fell on the table once again. 

Seung-yeop, who hadn’t spoken in a long time, finally opened his mouth. 

“Umm… this might sound strange, but what if we just turned off the sound since the TV turning on and the sound coming out is what caused the problem?” 

… Eun-sol unnie slapped her knee. 

“Of course! Why didn’t I think of that? That really seems like the answer.”

“Wow! This little kid usually doesn’t say a word in meetings, but it’s true that even a dog learns to sing after three years in a schoolhouse. Let’s try muting the TV next time.” 

Seung-yeop, who came up with a good idea for the first time in a long time, looked very happy. 

However, Elena poured cold water on the situation again. 

“I’m sorry to burst everyone’s bubble, but there’s a more important problem. I went crazy as soon as I saw inside the TV. Gain also went crazy after reading my memories. Would the others be any different? Except for Song-yi who has the bracelet, everyone else would go crazy as soon as they cross the TV display.”

It’s a valid point. I don’t know what ‘thing’ made Elena crazy and me too, but going beyond the TV display without any countermeasures against that entity would be suicide. 

Do only those who can resist madness have to go? 

Besides me who’s sealed, the member who can resist madness. The one Elena mentioned, Song-yi, is the most obvious example. Ari seems to be able to do it to some extent as well. I couldn’t think of anyone else. 

Ari, who had been thinking for a while, looked at me. 

“You still have two more advice left, right? Ask again. You won’t be using any advice since you’re sealed, so let’s use them all up in the morning.” 

‘Is there a way to resist the madness that exists inside the TV?’

The answer is like a riddle. I first conveyed the content of the answer.

“What was the basis for realizing that the research institute is connected to the inside of the TV?” 

“What did you see?”

“I don’t know. I’ve already lost all the memories from that time.”

“Ah, right. Then, what’s the answer?”

The answer came to me quickly. 

“I’ve never been to a place like a research institute in my life. I couldn’t have judged it to be a research institute based on any equipment or interior. Also, when I first started in the room and just before falling asleep, I glanced around and saw people wearing white clothing like researchers. I must have seen those people again inside the TV.”

“You saw research institute staff inside the TV?” As I answered Ari, the meaning of the advice became clear. 

“That’s it. What does it mean that there are research institute staff near the source of the madness? It’s not like all research institute staff are gifted with the ability to resist madness. Since ordinary humans can also resist it, there must be a way. Isn’t that what it means?” 

Eun-sol unnie, who had been listening for a while, tilted her head. 

“So, you’re saying that you asked for a way to resist the madness, and it said something like, ‘There’s definitely a way to resist it.’ What kind of stupid answer is that?”

“Yes.”

“When you get the chance to meet the sponsor next time, go ahead and curse them out.”

I was going to do that anyway. I’ve accumulated quite a bit of resentment. 

Jin-cheol hyung sighed.

“What about asking again? You have some advice left, right?” 

Mook-seong grandfather opposed. 

“If they were going to answer properly, they would have done so the first time. If they gave you a sh*tty answer, doesn’t that mean they want you to think for yourself? If you ask again, they’ll just give you another pointless quiz. Use the last advice for a different question.” 

I also gave up on using the advice for the same question. Instead, I started researching the answer on my own. After all, it did give me an answer, ‘There is a way’. 

So, what kind of way is there to resist the madness inside the TV?

“Let’s think about what kind of grand being is inside the TV. The people who made contact with ‘something’ all mentioned ‘eyes’, right?” 

Eun-sol unnie agreed. 

“Elena mentioned gaze at first, and Seung-yeop, who escaped last, experienced something similar, though briefly. You also cursed about eyes as soon as you came out.”

Eyes. Gaze. Does avoiding the gaze work? 

Song-yi, who came up with a similar idea, offered an opinion.

“Don’t look at it?” 

Seung-yeop, who had been able to speak for a while, immediately disagreed. 

“The memory of the escape might be hazy because of the hotel’s ‘treatment’, but the gaze of the entire world! I remember it like that. I don’t think it’s possible to defend against it by simply not looking at a specific object.” 

Ari also opened her mouth.

“Close your eyes and walk through?” 

It doesn’t seem right either. 

What kind of method do we need to use to safely enter the research institute? 

Next Chapter. 
``` 
