##  Chapter 277: Practical Training (6) 

Howl Plain, Lotus Inn. Built upon a gigantic lotus flower blooming in the sky, this mysterious inn serves as a landmark for weary adventurers. It has a regular customer – a gambler. 

“That old geezer with white hair? He hasn’t come around lately.” 
“Yeah, I was annoyed that he swept everything away every time he came, so it’s better this way.”
“I wish he wouldn’t come at all. He completely ruins the game, doesn’t he?” 

Yes, there was a gambler who used to come. For some reason, he had completely disappeared recently, and no one could find him.  In this place where gambling was a popular pastime, no one wanted to look for a gambler who always won, fearing they would upset the balance. 

“Miss, it seems he’s nowhere to be found. He’s completely vanished since that day.” 

It had been two weeks since they began searching for the gambler, presumed to be Silver Eleven Months. With no progress, they had reached out to the Lotus Inn as a last resort, but, as expected, no one knew of his whereabouts. 

“…..This is troublesome.” 

Jelliel stroked her lips and stared at the inn with a stiff expression. People around her looked at her nervously, subtly hiding their cards and dice. She was the one who wiped out all gambling in this place, which led to some degree of legalization, but it was still a sensitive topic.  

“Let’s move. People seem to be getting nervous because of me.” 

“…Y-Yes!” 

The mages following her were slightly startled by Jelliel’s unexpected words. It was because she usually didn’t care about others, yet she naturally expressed consideration for them. 

Returning to the Starcloud Trading Company’s exclusive VIP room on the top floor of the Lotus Inn, Jelliel sighed as she sat at her desk. It had been about a month. Since Silver Eleven Months came looking for Bai Yueshui, she had been persistently pursuing his whereabouts, but she couldn’t find his location. It was strange. 

She had been able to find some traces of him before.  Silver Eleven Months preferred blending in with people, and it wasn’t hard to find him with a little bit of investigation.  

But recently, he had completely disappeared at some point. 

Jelliel opened the lock of a drawer, pulled out a yellow file, and took out the photo inside.

Aither’s Far East, Istus Steppe. Heavenly Dragon Cliff. Blindingly beautiful, it was corrupted by black magic and had rejected human footsteps for 100 years, but recently, it was reported to be completely destroyed. In the photo, the Istus Steppe couldn’t even be recognized as the Heavenly Dragon Cliff. It looked like it had been crushed as if multiple meteorites had fallen, or a giant had trampled on it.  

“They said that at least two magic sources above Class 9 were detected in this place.”

It was confirmed that the last trace of Silver Eleven Months led to the Istus Steppe. Therefore, it could be assumed that he had clashed with someone and destroyed the Heavenly Dragon Cliff before disappearing. 

‘Could it be that he died there… No, that’s impossible.  Silver Eleven Months is an omnipotent being who manipulates time. He’s not someone who would easily die.  Then, there must be another reason for him to disappear… ’

“Miss.” 

While she was lost in thought, her secretary approached and handed her some documents.

“Professor Yan Huolian from Starflower Academy sent a letter.” 

“Ah.” 

Professor Yan Huolian was one of the high elf mages bound to the Starcloud Trading Company, practically Jelliel’s close aide. As a result, she gained the right to interfere in some incidents happening within Starflower, the best fairy academy.  However, she hadn’t needed to intervene until recently, when something caught Jelliel’s interest. 

[Stella Academy Exchange Students] 

An exchange student program between Stella, a human magic academy, and Starflower, a fairy magic academy. This was an annual event, nothing special.  However, Jelliel was particularly interested in this year’s list. 

As she slowly looked over the list of exchange students, Jelliel stopped at one student’s name:  Bai Yueshui. He wasn’t on the exchange student list. Jelliel could bring him here in just three seconds with the pen in her hand.  However, she didn’t do it.  She shouldn’t interrupt him if he might be busy. It would be better to meet him in person later and ask his opinion. 

“Oh, by the way, Miss.”
“Go on.”
“Student Bai Yueshui recently entered Feng Nation.  It seems it was a dispatch mission from Stella.”
“…Is that so?” 

Jelliel’s expression hardened.  It would have been nice if he had given her a word when he came to Feng Nation.  Was it that hard to make a phone call? 

No, it could be.  He was leading a very busy life.  A life far more valuable than hers… He was living a life that she couldn’t even compare to.  

It was more embarrassing for her to take up Bai Yueshui’s time. 

Still. 

‘It wouldn’t hurt to see him for a bit… ’ 

Thinking so, Jelliel stood up.  She had to find Silver Eleven Months, but she had something more important to do. 

* * *

“Did everyone fully understand the briefing?”

Second year S-class, Du Cheol-gwang, spoke.  Fullame looked dumbfounded. 

“What briefing?” 

She asked back, and Du Cheol-gwang pounded his chest with his fist and said, 

“Understand the enemy from the heart and unleash your burning passion! That’s the best way to deal with monsters.” 

“No, where is the passion?”

“In your heart!” 
“You want to explode it?  Then I’ll die.” 
“A man has two passions!”
“I’m a woman, though.” 
“There’s no distinction between women and men in passion.  I’ll share one with you.”
“I don’t need it!” 

Fullame showed complete disgust and looked away.  Of all people, Du Cheol-gwang happened to be the instructor for the monster hunting mission.  His character wasn’t bad, but his combat style was so barbaric that she was hesitant to accept him into the party.  

“Are you guys okay with this?” 

She asked with a tired expression, and Ma Yu-seong and Hae Won-ryang nodded impassively.  Phong Harang didn’t respond.

“I don’t mind.”
“Senior, you find him fun and good?”

I don’t know what’s good about him.

“Ugh, whatever.  It will work out somehow.”  

Fullame stretched and admired the surrounding scenery. 

Feng Nation, built on the wind.  It was beautiful, even rivaling some fairy nations. As she inhaled the fresh air, she felt her stress melt away. 

“Hey, Phong Harang. This is your homeland.  Do you know any tourist spots?”

“Hmmm!  This place is indeed my homeland!  I know a very good tourist spot.”  

Du Cheol-gwang butted in and pointed his finger somewhere. It was a dark cave that looked dangerous at first glance.  

“There it is.”
“…What is that?”
“I don’t know. But it looks fun!”

“Hey, Senior…  r How can you be so crazy?” 

Fullame made a dumbfounded expression, and Hae Won-ryang stepped in to mediate.

“We don’t have time to find tourist spots. We need to find and defeat the monster as quickly as possible!  And we need to prepare for that ‘unforeseen emergency.’ ”

“Oh…  I guess so.”

But it would be nice to have some fun. If it had been Bai Yueshui, he would have said, “Huh?  Should we?  Maybe we can play for a bit.  Just a little bit wouldn’t hurt, would it?” and agreed with Fullame’s opinion.

“I think I’d be a little entertained by sightseeing too…  ” 

“Shut up.” 

The only person who was on Fullame’s side was Ma Yu-seong, but even he was ignored by Hae Won-ryang.  

‘The party composition is the best, though… ’ 

Night position Ma Yu-seong and Du Cheol-gwang.  The best bishop Hae Won-ryang, and Phong Harang.  Even if a boss monster with at least a 4-risk level appeared, wouldn’t they be able to crush it without any problems?

“Ugh…  Fine, let’s take care of it quickly and play later.  Hey, local.  Show us around.” 

Phong Harang nodded and looked at the cityscape in the distance. 

‘….The air is really bad.’ 

Was the reason he felt so uneasy stepping on the land of Feng Nation because of the upcoming succession ceremony? 

He was the heir of the Wind clan, the most powerful of the seven clans, but Phong Harang’s position was precarious.  As the youngest of seventeen siblings, it was almost impossible for him to inherit the throne.  Even if he didn’t have to deal with political conflicts with other clans, his position was shaky from within.  

‘….This is no time to be worrying about useless things.’

He laughed sarcastically and followed Fullame.

Anella Di Polance. It was Anella’s fake name for the infiltration of Stella.  To be precise, the name Anella was real, but for some reason, her real name was used for the alias. It’s just how black magic people do things, but since she was also a black magician, she couldn’t really complain. 

“Anella.  Get your head straight.” 

Startled, Anella turned her head.  A black magician with a deformed appearance with horns all over his body stared at her with menacing eyes. 

“You completely messed up the Stella infiltration mission. Lately, you’ve been refusing all missions. You haven’t even been taking in the magic essence… Are you having strange thoughts?” 

“N-No!  That’s not it!” 

Anella frantically shook her head.  She hadn’t absorbed human magic for a month now, having second thoughts about being a black magician. She had even refused all missions and had been quietly hiding, thinking no one would notice, but it seemed she had been branded for failing her previous mission.  

“I have an order for you.  If you refuse again, Black Kingdon will be angry.  Are you still going to refuse?”

“…No… ”

Anella twisted her hair in thought.  It was ironic to think that the reason she had been braiding her hair in pigtails, which didn’t suit her age, was because of Black Kingdon.  She was more afraid and hated Black Kingdon than anyone.

“If you refuse…  you’ll die, right?”

“Yes. If it were another black magician, you would have died several times already. Black Kingdon is incomprehensible.  I don’t understand why he’s still keeping you alive, you’re useless and worthless.”

Anella had second thoughts about her life as a black magician, but she couldn’t easily escape this fate.  Because of the black magic seed that Black Kingdon had implanted in her body, if she ran away, her heart would explode and she would die.

‘Just endure it, hold on.’ 

Before she left Stella, Bai Yueshui gave her a small amulet. It looked like a completely useless, damaged, and torn object, but in fact, it was a ‘Ghostly Spirit Amulet’ and was a mythical artifact. Would Anella even know that? 

Unfortunately, the effect of this Ghostly Spirit Amulet had completely worn off, and it was powerless.  She didn’t know why Bai Yueshui gave her this, but he said that if she held onto the amulet and endured, she would break free from this shackle of fate, so she would endure and overcome it. 

“What’s the mission… ?” 

“It’s not difficult.  ‘The Witch King’ has started to be active.  I don’t know why he’s suddenly wandering around like that, but it’s probably just a clone.”

“Th-The Witch King?”  

Anella unconsciously grabbed her skirt, and the black magician made an annoyed expression.  Most black magicians shed unnecessary emotions when they became black magicians.  That foolish woman was a disgrace to black magicians.  

“Tsk, you’re pathetic.  The witch’s current location is Feng Nation.  Go there, and keep watch. That is Black Kingdon’s order.” 

“Th-That mission, is it alright to give it to someone like me?  I already failed my mission, and I’m not even at the level to monitor the witch… ”  

It would be impossible to carry out a mission related to the witch unless one was at least a 7-risk black magician.  

At Anella’s trembling voice, the black magician slightly raised the corner of his mouth. 

“Don’t you get it yet?  He’s telling you to go and die.  Well, you’ll die even if you run away from here.  Good luck, you foolish black magician.” 

“Ah… ”

Suddenly, she felt dizzy and grabbed her head. 

‘The Witch… The Witch King…  I can’t believe it.  As a black magician, even being near the witch would get me killed instantly.  ‘Are you really… abandoning me like this… ? My last value is to find out the witch’s identity and die.  That’s really all I’m worth.  No, it’s obvious…  Is a black magician who refuses missions and doesn’t even drink human blood really a black magician?  From Black Kingdon’s point of view, Anella is no longer worth keeping alive.  So, he’s telling me to use my last bit of usefulness and then die.  Using me as a tool until the very end before discarding me is really so black magician-like.  I guess that’s the way it is.’

Anella slowly tilted her head and looked at the sunset over the ruins of the Balkamik Royal Family. 

‘Can I…  really become human?’ 

She clenched the amulet and hugged it to her chest, biting her lip. 

If only she could see Bai Yueshui again.  

‘….No. Think positive.  Let’s hold on a little longer.’

She wasn’t dead yet, and it wasn’t guaranteed that she would die.  

Anella forced a smile, clenched her fist, and stretched it towards the sky. 

She hadn’t realized until now that despair and frustration only gnawed away at her soul.  

She couldn’t stop here. 

“I’m going to do something!  Let’s go!”
