##  The Genius Who Became a Magic School Flash-Step 276 52. Practical Training (5)

Dawn, when the sun began to rise. Thirty airships rose into the sky above Stella Academy.  While it was impossible for airships to take off simultaneously due to air traffic regulations, the sight of these giant airships taking off in sequence was still quite spectacular. 

Ban Diyeon and Ryuderic, leading ten first-year students, had to switch airships three times and take two trains, even using warp holes, just to reach the Wind Kingdom.  Most of the large countries and organizations like the Adolervit Kingdom, the Skalven Empire, the Alchemy City, and Arcanium were located in the Central Continent, but the Wind Kingdom was located in the Southern Plains.  Since the continent was so vast, long-distance travel was something they had to get used to. After almost three hours of long-distance travel, they arrived in the Wind Kingdom.

The Southern, Lower Moon Plain. The Wind Kingdom, the land of the wind.  It was the center of Southern trade, possessing seven major rivers that flowed through the continent. Numerous races lived together harmoniously in this land.  Adventurers who travelled with the wind and clouds could always rest at the Lotus Inn under the moonlight. The Beastfolk always welcomed wandering merchants, embracing new cultures. Those who longed for freedom and wished to take a short break could always enjoy fishing at Fresh Water Lake. 

The Wind Kingdom’s attire was different from the Central Continent countries.  Seeing people wearing light clothes that allowed air to flow freely, Bai Yuesuel felt a sense of familiarity for the first time in a long while. "Almost like Hanbok," she thought.  

Bai Yuesuel slowly looked around the Wind Kingdom's capital, "Taiyushan."  She had been to the Lower Moon Plain often for various reasons, but this was her first time visiting the Wind Kingdom. The culture was quite unfamiliar. 

"Oh... the architecture here is peculiar."  "It’s pretty."  "It looks like they put a straw hat on the building."

Contrary to the impression of a country founded by travelers being ordinary, the Wind Kingdom boasted a majestic atmosphere no less than other countries.  Unlike the Central Continent of Aither, which showed a European-style atmosphere, the Wind Kingdom's Eastern-style architecture, built with a distinct Eastern flair, was quite unfamiliar to Stella's students, so they were busy sightseeing.

"Alright, everyone gathered?" Ban Diyeon lined up the ten students and said, "We're not here for sightseeing, right? I'm also sad about the Wind Kingdom being a beautiful place with so much to see, but we need to go directly to our mission location." 

And the location was surprisingly very close. Ban Diyeon used her psychic powers to unfold a map in mid-air and pointed to a location on the map with her staff, "The Persona Gate doesn't appear in cities very often.  Investigators are still researching why this is happening, but the important thing is that this is our mission."

"There are students from the Wind Kingdom here, and some who are not, but you all have done your homework on the culture, right?" Ryuderic asked, and the students all nodded. Magic Warriors often had missions in foreign countries, and thanks to that, the Magic Warrior certificate was similar to a passport that allowed access to any country. Depending on the Magic Warrior's origin, some countries might refuse entry, but for the most part, they could go anywhere.  Because of this, Magic Warriors needed to study the history, culture, and even language of each country.

"Most mages, including Stella students, use 'Camelren language,' but locals do not."  Just like English on Earth, Aither World also had a common language, the Camelren language.  It was a language derived from Camelren, known as the birthplace of magic.  The language used by the ancestral mages was adopted as the common language amongst mages until today.  All magic systems, including magic language and runes, were based on the Camelren language, so mages needed to fully master this language. In other words, a mage had to be fluent in at least two languages: their native language and Camelren.

"Anyone here know how to speak Wind Language?  You might encounter the Wind Language within the Persona Gate. It's something you need to be aware of beforehand."

Most of the students couldn't raise their hands. Unlike other languages with similar structures, Wind Language had a very unfamiliar structure.  However, there were two students who raised their hands:  Hong Biyeon and Bai Yuesuel.  But Bai Yuesuel hesitated halfway through raising her hand, and Ban Diyeon tilted her head. "Why are you only raising your hand halfway? Do you know the language but can't speak it?"

"No, that's not it... I think I know it?  But I don't know how fluent I am..."

"Hey, are you messing around? You know it or you don't. Just say it."  It would sound like messing around to other people, so Bai Yuesuel didn't have anything to say and remained silent. Ban Diyeon intervened, "That's fine.  As long as you understand, it shouldn't be a big problem."

".....Okay."  Ryuderic didn't understand this kind of cheeky sarcasm from his junior, but Ban Diyeon was generous enough to let it slide. 

"It's a good idea for other students to learn some basic daily conversation."  "Yes."

"First, we need to stop by the Wind Kingdom's Mage Association branch before departing. You all know the procedures for foreign Magic Warriors to carry out missions, right? I'll show you now, so pay attention." 

With those words, Ban Diyeon led the way, and the students followed her, busy sightseeing in the capital, Taiyushan.  As Bai Yuesuel walked slowly at the back, Hong Biyeon glanced at him and deliberately slowed her pace to match his. Then, she casually asked, "Commoner, do you know Wind Language?"  

She remembered how hard she had struggled to learn Wind Language.  Even Hong Biyeon, who had abilities related to memory and was better at memorizing than others, found it frustrating.  

"Yeah, I'm decent at it."  "...I suppose." If Bai Yuesuel didn't know a language, it would be strange in itself.

Whirr.....  The wind blew gently.  The Wind Kingdom's unique, clear, and clean air.  It felt like the air was penetrating even her soul, making her feel refreshed. Despite enjoying the air, Hong Biyeon couldn't gather her thoughts.  Frankly, she was unhappy with the situation.  Why was it impossible for the two of them to carry out the mission alone?  She was confident enough to easily handle a 3-Risk Persona Gate.  She wished she had applied for a mission like monster hunting or dungeon exploration, where two members were allowed.  

Just as Hong Biyeon wished the other members in front of her would disappear, Bai Yuesuel rummaged through his pocket and pulled out a chocolate bar, putting it in his mouth.  ".."  

It seemed like an odd behavior to her, but it was nothing special to the other students, including Bai Yuesuel. Bai Yuesuel, who found Hong Biyeon’s wide-eyed stare quite cute, pulled out another chocolate bar from his pocket and offered it to her.

"Here, you want one?"  After saying that, he thought about it.  She hadn't fully regained her taste yet.  "Don't worry if you don't want it."  

He felt guilty and tried to take the chocolate back, but before he could, she grabbed it.  "...I'll take it."

"Okay."  Then, she stared at the chocolate as if she were piercing it with her gaze.  "Why?  Is this the first time you've had peasant food?" 

"I eat chocolate as a dessert often too."  "That's real, expensive chocolate made by melting chocolate fruit.  This is made by melting cocoa."

Surprisingly, the Aither World had a fantasy plant called Chocolate Fruit, but it was unfortunately very rare, so only the rich could afford it.  "It doesn't matter."  Hong Biyeon said this and then forcefully put the cheap chocolate in her mouth.  Then, she widened her eyes.  "...It's not disgusting." 

Just a week ago, she had tried to eat something sweet, but she had failed.  Instead of sweetness, a revolting taste made her stomach churn and her head pound.  But it was different now.  The taste of sweetness was subtle, but it was strange that she didn't feel any disgust, and it melted naturally on her tongue.  

One bite, two bites. As Hong Biyeon swallowed the chocolate with her small mouth, Bai Yuesuel looked at her with an expression of surprise.  'Did her taste come back?'

There were a few players who had tried to restore Hong Biyeon's taste.  All the players had failed to save her life, but a very small number of players had succeeded in opening Hong Biyeon's heart, the villain, and restoring her taste.  As expected of a dating simulation game, one of the conditions for regaining her taste was, strangely enough, falling in love.  It was unclear why that condition was needed to restore her taste, which had been lost due to fire.  But the important thing was that she was currently regaining her taste.  

'Did I fall in love?'  As he looked at Hong Biyeon with his eyes full of questions, she finished the chocolate and startled, swallowing nervously.

"Even if it's not made with Chocolate Fruit, the taste is similar.  The belief that Chocolate Fruit is tastier is just a peasant illusion."  "Is that so?  But have you actually tasted it?"

"...I have.  But I spat it all out."  "As expected, you also have a taste for commoner food like me, rather than high-class food?  Want to go eat pork bone soup together?"

Instantly, Hong Biyeon’s face turned cold.  Pork bone soup.  It had become a hot topic amongst some students due to Bai Yuesuel's frequent visits to the restaurant when he went out alone.  According to the reviews of students who followed him to try the soup, it was disgusting, had a strong fishy smell, and the food itself was very messy. 

Unfortunately, it was a harsh reality.  Pork bone soup was too foreign for Arcanium students to accept.  Even students with normal taste buds had complained about its disgusting fishy smell.  What about Hong Biyeon? 

Usually, she would have called him crazy and started cursing.  But for some reason, those words were stuck in her throat. Instead, she nodded without realizing. "It's the same for commoners and royalty.  The idea that I eat only fancy food is a stereotype. I can eat pork bone soup too."  "Oh...really?"  

I wonder if she'll still say that while eating pork bone soup?  He was already looking forward to seeing Hong Biyeon sitting down in front of the soup bowl with a spoon in her hand, but unfortunately, it seemed that there were no pork bone soup restaurants in the Eastern-style Wind Kingdom. He would have to wait.

After that, Hong Biyeon continued to talk to Bai Yuesuel about trivial matters.  They talked about chocolate, pork bone soup, onions and garlic, spices, really delicious food and the hobby of cooking, what hobbies they did in their free time, and how Bai Yuesuel hated reading magic books but enjoyed history books, and he complained about that.  Hong Biyeon, who despised talking about useless topics, found herself listening to Bai Yuesuel's conversation without realizing how time flew by, no matter how pointless the content.  

Then, she realized.  Until now, she had thought of Bai Yuesuel as a being from a different dimension.  Bai Yuesuel, who travelled through time, going back and forth thousands of times, travelling through the past and future, felt like someone who was too far away to be close to. 

But she was wrong.  "Commoner, you..."

"Yeah?"

"You're...more ordinary than I thought."  "Uh...well, that's obvious, right?"  

Bai Yuesuel simply laughed it off as a joke, but it wasn't a joke to Hong Biyeon.  He was just an ordinary boy.  That was a light but significant shock for Hong Biyeon.  Was it possible for a soul that had been worn down by thousands of deaths and thousands of defeats to live an ordinary life?  Perhaps he was just longing for an ordinary life...

"Alright, everyone has arrived.  Most of the procedures will be handled by me and my assistant, but you should watch and take notes. You won't have someone to do it for you starting from second year."  

As Hong Biyeon was lost in thought, Ban Diyeon woke her up.  They had apparently reached their destination.  "After registration, we'll go directly to the Persona Gate."

"Everyone ready?"  The students all nodded at Ban Diyeon and Ryuderic's question.  "Then let's do our best."
