The magic school in front of the blink, a genius became 283 53. The shadow draped in the wind (4)

The inside of the gate, with the Wind Empire as its background, looked like a deserted city where all the people had disappeared and nothing remained, but not all places are devoid of people. Life certainly existed within the Persona Gate. However, they moved as NPCs who did not actually exist, according to the predetermined story and fate. 

Yan Jianyue was annoyed by the boisterous noises.  That was a look she only made when she was truly disgusted, and if it was usually Bai Yuesue, she would have acted with great caution. But now she was different. 

“Oh… this seems to be a landscape from 150 years ago?”

“How do you know?”

Bai Yuesue observed the surroundings, becoming immersed in the market. Hong Biyan also glanced around. She hadn’t come to the Wind Empire often, but it was definitely old-fashioned for clothes and buildings to be modern. 

“See the Nine Wheel Masks over there? It's a mask that the famous assassin who lived 200 years ago used to wear. They say he was a Robin Hood who killed bad rich people and stole money to distribute to the poor.  He must have been like a hero to the people of his time.”

Strange masks with nine wheels drawn on them were scattered everywhere, and some people were even wearing them. She couldn’t understand at all what was so cool about them, but she soon realized that it was wrong to try to understand the culture of a strange foreign country from 150 years ago. 

“So is this place called the Legend of the Nine Wheel Mask?”

“It’s not like that. This is just a novel. It’s like Hong Gildong or Sherlock Holmes...”

“Sherlock?”

“No. That’s not it. Anyway, we don’t need to be here, let’s go.”

Bai Yuesue grabbed Hong Biyan’s hand and led her away again. The market was so crowded that she could easily get separated if she was not careful. If she used her glasses, it wouldn’t be a problem to find her, but she decided that there was no need to waste any more time.

Fake crowds, fake noises. Now, none of those things could reach Hong Biyan’s ears. She didn’t want to be bothered by fakes.

According to the logic of some magicians, the NPCs in the Persona Gate are actually real beings living in another world… But that’s just a hypothesis. She didn’t want to waste her attention and time on beings who might not actually be alive.

After a short while, they left the market, and time immediately turned into night. A full moon hung in the sky.

It was a phenomenon where time and place switched every time they moved from one story to another. For example, when they entered the legend of the werewolf who transformed under the full moon, the full moon became the backdrop, and the story of the Nine Wheel Mask who hid among the people and became a Robin Hood was set in a crowded daytime market.

“The tales of the night are dangerous, so be careful. Don't be reckless.”

Bai Yuesue was being guided even more accurately than the ‘Guideline Message’, but she didn’t forget to warn Hong Biyan. In the original game, she was always the one who set the death flag first. And usually, when she played pranks like this, Hong Biyan would get angry and yell at her. She could see the tension easing every time she did that, so Bai Yuesue would deliberately provoke her in situations like this. 

“I’m not a child.”

“Oh, I know.”

However, Hong Biyan grumbled, but didn’t scold Bai Yuesue. It was a remark she wanted to get yelled at for, but the other person was just quietly grumbling back, which made it awkward in its own way.

Bai Yuesue crossed this story slowly and carefully. It was a common good-versus-evil children’s fairy tale, but when you actually looked at the content, there were lots of danger factors hidden within, such as a tiger having intelligence, walking on two legs, being able to disguise itself, and even mimicking human voices, so she had to be careful.

The fact that a powerful beast had intelligence equal to humans was a terrifying thing beyond imagination. 

‘…What are those guys doing?’

As the third day came, Ryouderick was starting to get tired of chasing after Bai Yuesue. Tired might not be the right word, it might be more accurate to say he was bored. He had never imagined that just following his junior's tail without doing anything would be so annoying.

‘Are they on a date or something, those damn kids….’

Ryouderick was almost certain at this point. Even if Bai Yuesue didn’t, Hong Biyan’s reaction was not ordinary. Ryouderick, being in the 2nd year A class, was keeping an eye on the activities of the 1st year freshmen. Hong Biyan was so famous, he knew her personality well. 

‘Is she really that kind of person?’

The one who attacks the opponent’s Adam’s apple with a blade-like remark, the master of cuntiesharen. With an angelic face and a purity that surpasses that of fairies, she would hold a sneer on her lips, trample on her self-esteem, and tear apart even her soul with words full of sarcasm. Wasn’t that Hong Biyan Adollevit, the princess? 

‘Is this really Hong Biyan?’

Where did the Hong Biyan he knew go? The woman standing before Ryouderick… was just a plain, ordinary girl. 

“How do ducks tie their shoelaces?”

“I don’t care.”

“Tightly.”

“Pwahahaha!”

Fwoosh!!

But after seeing a ball of fire flying towards Bai Yuesue, Ryouderick corrected his own thoughts.

‘Well, I guess I was wrong.’

Seeing her burning with violence like that, the Hong Biyan he knew was still there, after all. 

How long had he been following Bai Yuesue? After the moon had risen and set several times, he finally reached a place that could be considered their destination. 

‘…This is it.’

Ryouderick frowned as he looked at the Guideline Message. He didn’t expect to reach the final destination so quickly and so smoothly. It was just like they were just dating and having fun, but when he actually looked at the attack record, it was thorough, calculated, and perfect, there was nothing he could fault.

‘What is this…’

Ryouderick sighed heavily and spread out Bai Yuesue and Hong Biyan’s scorecards.  He had no choice but to feel self-loathing if he continued to lurk around looking for an opportunity to interfere. 

* * *

It had been three days since she was trapped in this village. Anella was starting to realize that she was trapped in this place for some reason and couldn’t get out. 

‘It’s not a barrier, and it’s not an illusion.’

Her appearance was beyond description as she hid in the grass, alert and vigilant like a squirrel.  Her clothes were all torn and tattered, and she had numerous minor wounds all over her body, so they were stained red with blood. She had torn off the remaining parts of her clothes to try to stop the bleeding, but as a result, she had even fewer places to protect her body, so she might get even worse injuries if she encountered the villagers again.

‘How do I get out?’

Her hair was soaked in sweat, which made it unpleasant, but right now she didn’t care about that. 

“Where is she!”

“Go that way!”

“Damn it, you monster! Where did she go?”

“If we don’t find her by sunset, it’s all over! Hurry!”

The villagers were running around frantically in the forest trying to find her. They definitely didn’t have ordinary movements. Some were using mana to explode their feet and jump long distances, and some were drawing magic circles on the ground with staffs, even using magic to chase her.

But Anella didn’t feel any strangeness at all when she saw that situation. 

‘It’s normal for a simple farmer to use magic.’

That kind of strange common sense was stuck in her head. 

‘…Haah…’

Why couldn’t she get out of the village?  She still didn’t know the answer.  Magic wasn’t involved.  If it had been, Anella, a black mage and a master of psychology, wouldn’t have been able to avoid it.

‘It’s like the space itself is twisted.’

She clearly ran straight out of the village, but somehow, whenever she came to her senses, she was back in the village again.

Run, chase, run, chase.

The villagers chasing her were about 10 people in total, and they chased Anella in shifts of five, so they didn’t show any signs of exhaustion, but she was starting to feel the limit of her strength.  She hadn’t slept in three days, let alone had a sip of water.

To be honest, human blood was more necessary for a black mage than food.  If she wanted to, she could easily grab one of the careless human farmers who was walking alone right in front of her, twist his neck, and that would be it.  It’s easy. No matter how weak she was, she would never lose to such incompetent farmers.

Anella’s perfect characteristic was that she could only obtain perfect blood by destroying only the human mind.

She would never be chased by those humans again if she only had to replenish her strength.

‘…I don’t want to do that.’

Her mouth was parched. How long had it been since she last drank blood?  She had endured the hunger and thirst all this time.  Now, she didn’t want to harm a human for just this reason.

‘I’m human.’

Because I will become human.

‘I can endure it…’

Black mages would say that a blood-starved black mage would lose control due to the energy deficiency phenomenon and turn into a mindless monster.

However, Anella was not like that.  She wasn’t even becoming a monster…  On the contrary, she was able to think rationally with a clearer and purer mind.

‘It’s proof that I’m becoming human.’

That’s right. Anella firmly believed that.

She put her trembling hand to her chest.  She wanted to grab the amulet again, the one she had received from Bai Yuesue, that she always held tightly in her hand whenever she felt anxious and prayed with.

But it was empty.

‘Ah….’

Bai Yuesue’s amulet, which had disappeared after being taken by the witch.  Why was the emptiness so big?

-Oh, why are you so boring?

A sinister voice echoed in her ears.  It was definitely the witch's tone.

Anella startled and raised her head. The moment she did, the tree in the grass she was hiding in snapped and fell to the ground.

-If you’re going to do it, you have to do it right!

“Woah?!”

Thump!  Clang!

Anella crashed to the ground, bumping into a tree and a rock, and the villagers rushed over to her.

“That way!!”

She tried to get up, but her legs gave way and she collapsed.

But she couldn’t stop there, so she pulled herself up, grasping the tree, and started running.  But it was impossible for her to run far anymore, as she was completely exhausted.

Kaboom! Kaboom! Kaboom!

A blue magic circle was created in the air and struck Anella with lightning, and pieces of rock rose from the ground, restraining her limbs.

Then came a shower of water and a firestorm.

Anella's body, which had been hit by all sorts of magic, went limp, and only then did the villagers—or rather, Stella's first-year students—stop attacking.

‘We finally got her…’

‘Phew, it was really tough.’

‘This must be the ‘Forgotten Story’ that the Guideline Message was talking about, right?’

‘Yeah. Senior guaranteed it.’

The students slowly approached Anella, who was bound by the rock and lying limply. 

It was impossible to see her as a human.  The black blotches that looked like a person were trying to act like one.  Her appearance made them instinctively feel disgusted.

‘We have to kill her, right? It’s so disgusting.’

‘Then what do we do? Are we going to shake hands with her and ask for peace now?’

‘If you’re not going to do it, stay out of the way. I’ll kill her and get extra points.’

‘I, I don’t want to. I’ll do it too.’

The students crept closer to Anella, who seemed to be unconscious.

When they saw her fingertips and head twitch, they all backed away as if they had made a promise.

‘C, cowardly!’

‘You’re the one who made us back off!’

The students were ashamed of themselves for being scared of such a weak monster, so they were angry with each other instead.

‘Let’s do this quickly. I can’t stand this stuff.’

‘It’s a shame she was born a monster… but it’s just a fake life, anyway.’

‘That’s right. No need to get hung up on a fake.’

But no one was willing to step forward, so a male student from Class A, who couldn’t take it anymore, rolled up his sleeves and approached Anella.

‘Out of my way, I’ll do it myself.’

The moment he brought his staff to her head to cast a spell.

-Last chance.

A cold wind blew from somewhere, and a small wound appeared on the male student’s forearm, and blood began to drip.

‘Ugh!’

The male student quickly backed away from the sudden pain, but the handful of blood pooled on the ground didn’t disappear.

‘A sweet scent…’

A familiar scent, but unpleasant, yet so craved.  Anella instinctively opened her eyes and looked down at the ground. 

It was within reach, just a little bow of her head.

‘A magician’s blood…’

It was only a small amount that could be held in the palm of her hand, but it was enough for Anella.  More than enough to destroy the minds of all the students here and topple the entire village.

-There’s no opportunity anymore!

If you’re human, be human! If you’re a black mage, be a black mage! Each of you has a predetermined ‘fate’ and role. You, foolishly, tried to break that. 

-Just look at the pathetic sight of an infant human who hasn’t even lived for 20 years being trampled!

You paid the price for trying to defy fate!

The witch’s voice echoed in Anella’s ears, and she felt her mind becoming more and more hazy.

-Accept your fate. Submit.

What did Bai Yuesue, who gave you the amulet, say?  Did she tempt you with sweet words that you could change your fate? That’s all a lie, isn’t it?  You’re a black mage.  Because you’re a stupid black mage, she’s trying to use you!

Drip! 

A drop of sweat fell and mixed with the blood.  Anella’s gaze was fixed on the blood.

-Drink.  You have the qualities of a witch.  If you drink this, I will share my blood with you.  You won’t be able to become human, but at least you will live a better life than a black mage.

All sorts of temptations invaded Anella’s mind.  Human blood.  A witch’s life.  Consuming all those desires and pleasures, and then killing all the humans in front of her who tormented her.

-Just imagine, it’s amazing, isn’t it?

It was true.  Just thinking about it was enjoyable, exhilarating, and the pleasure exploded from the depths of her heart.

So, Anella…

“Kill me.”

Her eyes closed.

-Huh?

“I… have no soul left to enjoy pleasure.”

She had come too far, too tired, too exhausted to pursue pleasure.

Her shattered mind and worn-out soul could no longer enjoy any pleasure. 

There was only one thing she wanted, to close her eyes as a human for the last time. 

‘I’m becoming human with this.’

She cast off all the black temptations and embraced death.

‘My dream is fulfilled through death.’

A truly human death, wouldn’t you say?
