The fact that Fullflame, Haewonryang, Mayu Seong, Eizel, and Baek Yuseol were all eating at the same place was a first.  It was the first time they had all eaten at the same place since Fullflame had joined their group.

“Is this your first time eating pork cutlet?”

“I find it strange to use a knife to cut fried food instead of steak.”

“How does it feel to use fried food instead of steak?”

“It’s edible.”

As the five of them, a strange combination, gathered in one place, Fullflame felt a strange sensation.  The fact that the people she most adored from the original romance novel were now closest to her... It was both strange and joyful.

“Sigh. To think they stopped practicing after just one game.”

Regardless, Fullflame wasn’t thrilled with the current situation and let out a sigh while stirring her cold noodles.

“Maybe it’s for the best. Regardless, we did learn how this game works through that first game.”

There are limits to constant practice matches.  Rios games have what is known as a “build”, followed by a “set frame”.  

The set frame is a very basic strategy that remains unchanged through the years.  For example, the invade strategy where you sneak into the opponent’s lane to steal the lane monster, or a gank where you go around the lane to back up your allies at the right time.  What position to hide in to easily ambush an opponent, what actions the opponent will take in certain situations, how to move efficiently… Rios’ history is built on this solid frame, which has to be learned through experience. 

Then there’s the build.  While it can also be used as a different word for strategy, it is also the weakness of Fullflame’s team.

“Look, what do you think of our team?” she asked Baek Yuseol.

He slurped down his noodles and said, “Well, honestly, there’s no hope.”

“The core of Rios is strategy and teamwork, but we’re not doing either.  However, we’re perfect at one useless thing.”

“What is it?”

“Individual skill.”

“Well, isn’t that important?”

“It’s important, but… the individual skill I’m talking about is not the player’s potential but their one-on-one combat ability.”

As if realizing then, Eizel put down his fork.  Eizel rarely spoke while eating or holding utensils.

“So, you’re saying our team’s ability to deal with 5v5 situations is terrible, but we’re great in 1v1 situations?”

“Yes, you got it.”

Eizel’s face hardened slightly at those words.

“While individual skill is definitely important… in a collaborative game, it can be a detriment.”

“True.  Since they’re too good at going solo, they all just play individually.”

Fullflame spoke frankly.

“So, let’s just go with that.”

“What?”

“Let’s just have minimal practice so we don’t get in each other’s way.  Just go solo and try to kill every single opponent.  It’s just your style.”

“So… can we win?”

Shrugging her shoulders, Fullflame twisted her cold noodles with her chopsticks.

“Well, it’s better than practicing teamwork that won’t work.  We’ll register and use various magics, get used to them, and then crush the enemy team one by one.  That’s the perfect ‘strategy’ for our team.”

“…That’s not a strategy.”

“Don’t be so picky.  We need to adjust our positions to each person’s strengths.”

Fullflame had randomly assigned positions in the past, but it was a huge failure.  It proved that she didn’t understand this sport well yet.

“First, tell me if you have a position you want to play.”

Baek Yuseol spoke quickly.  

“Top… no, I want to be on the top lane.”

He had spoken first, so he must have a reason.  Baek Yuseol clasped his hands and rested his chin on them, a serious look on his face.

“The top is… a battlefield for true men.”

“…?”

“It’s a ruthless world for warriors who only fight one-on-one, without cowardly calling for their team…”

“You’re crazy…”

It was absurd, but it was true.  The top and middle lanes were for people who excelled at one-on-one.  People who thought they were good even though they weren’t good at one-on-one battles went to the middle and top lanes and led their team to defeat, but Baek Yuseol and Mayu Seong were different.  They were at the top tier in one-on-one combat, no matter what anyone said.

“Mayu Seong, you’ll keep the middle lane.  You’re the best at one-on-one, and you have the most synergistic magic when you’re backed up by your allies.”

Mayu Seong could show off a variety of plays, like appearing in a flash to attack the enemy team after checking the minimap to see his allies’ location, or taking out the opponent with a powerful one-shot barrage.

“And Eizel and I will alternate between the support and bottom lanes.  As you know, we can freely use Mez magic that can immobilize and restrain the enemy.”

“Oh, that’s right.”

“So we’ll try both of these positions and find the one that fits better, and we can switch depending on the strategy.  We can confuse those who have analyzed us.”

“That’s true.”

“What’s the main role of the bottom lane?”

“Usually, it’s about constantly and quickly going around the top, middle, and bottom lanes, taking down lane monsters, and backing up each lane to help them.  Players call it ‘ganking’.”

“Ganking…”

“It’s a really important role.  If you don’t judge the situation quickly, one lane could collapse in an instant.”

“Hmm, I see.”

“And Haewonryang will be on the bottom lane, and I’ll support him.  But I’ll mainly use defensive magic and healing magic instead of the Mez magic that restrains the enemy.  Our roles will be slightly different.”

Baek Yuseol snuck in with his own opinion.

“If you really want to compare, the bottom lane is like a hard-working father figure in modern times, while the support is like a busy mom who’s constantly managing the vision and taking care of the damage dealer.”

“Hey, what’s with the comparison?”

“Ah! I totally understand!”

Both of them were unusual.  Anyway, as they finished most of their pork cutlet, Fullflame slowly ended the conversation.

“Baek Yuseol and Mayu Seong are good at one-on-one, but Haewonryang is the key player in 5v5 combat.  He has the judgment and attack power to use the seven limited magics most efficiently and complexly in the right situation.”

Haewonryang’s face lit up slightly at Fullflame’s praise.  Mayu Seong tried to pat him on the shoulder to tease him, but he immediately turned into a growling face.

“Did you get the gist of this game?”

All four boys and girls nodded.

“Then we’ll immediately have a practice match… but that’s not a good idea.  First, we need to learn the ‘fundamentals’.”

Mayu Seong made a sad face.

“Do we have to read another boring strategy book?”

“No.  There’s something better than reading all day.”

Fullflame dug through her handbag and pulled out some small tape-like things.

“These are recordings of amateur player tournaments.  We’re going to watch these recordings and learn how the players use their strategies, how they secure their vision, and what happens in each situation.  We’ll repeat this to the point where our bodies react instinctively during actual matches.”

It was very tight to start studying videos now that the school tournament was only two weeks away, but Fullflame believed in her team.  The protagonists, who were better at real-life combat and were incredibly smart, would be able to learn enough through this unique training method.

The next day, Stella Dome.  As usual, quite a few people gathered in the spectator seats for the Rios practice field.  But there seemed to be more people than the day before.  This was because word had quietly spread that the Fullflame team was unique and unusual.  Of course, so far only the people spreading rumors about their clumsiness were there, but there were also quite a few people who came to see them, trusting the players’ sharp eyes.

“Those bastards are that special?”

“Yeah.  Even though they don’t understand the game mechanics, their individual skill was beyond imagination.”

“Tsk, I don’t get it.”

Most of the managers and players who hadn’t seen the match didn’t believe it.  It was because, even if they were excellent magicians in reality, or perhaps especially if they were excellent magicians, they were even clumsier in Rios.  The limited seven magics were like suddenly putting a ton of shackles on them, and they kept struggling to get used to them, eventually collapsing.  

Limited cooldowns, limited magic, and extremely low mana.  Every element that would make a real-life magician go crazy was right there in Rios.

“Still, it makes me curious.”

“When are those guys coming?”

“Let’s wait and see.  There’s nowhere to practice besides Stella’s school anyway.”

“They said they practiced yesterday, so they’ll probably practice hard for the two weeks leading up to the school tournament.  Let’s analyze their power just in case.”

They quietly waited.  Six hours passed.

“When are they coming…?”

The players started getting annoyed since they hadn’t shown up all day.

“Just, just wait.  It’s almost dinner time.”

Even when the other trainees left late at night, they didn’t show up.

“…They’ll come tomorrow, right?  The tournament is right around the corner.”

But they didn’t appear even after a day, two days, three days, and a whole week.

“What are those guys doing…?”

“Not practicing?”

“What are they doing after their afternoon classes?”

“I, I don’t know.  There were rumors that they ran to their dorms and stayed inside, or that they all went to the library to watch videos…”

“Crazy.”

One manager sighed and hit his forehead.

“They’ve given up on the match.”

It was common.  There were a few magic student trainees who had challenged Rios, thinking it was easy, but they quickly gave up when they found it wasn’t easy.  The Fullflame team was the same.

“I thought they were geniuses who would do something in Rios…”

“They’re this bad?”

“It’s completely different from our world, even if you’re good in real combat.”

“They underestimated it and got burned.”

The tournament was only a week away.  Even if they suddenly pulled themselves together now, it’s questionable whether they could even pass the preliminary round.

“Disappointing.”

“I’m not interested in those guys anymore.”

“Well, even if we wanted to be interested, they’re not coming.  They’re probably going to forfeit in the preliminary round.”

The match officials gave up on the Fullflame team.

The next day, there were only six days left until the school preliminary round.

“Huh?  What are those guys doing?”

Saturday morning.  A few managers and players who had shown up early for the weekend morning gathered and looked curiously at some trainees who were already practicing.  It was because the Fullflame team, who they thought had given up on the match, was practicing early in the morning.

“Oh no.  I can’t see them today because I have to give my team a special training session…”

“Ugh, I have to see my team for a little while until lunch.”

“Well, it’s interesting so let’s just take a peek.”

“Well, those guys were in such a bad state a week ago… what could they have possibly… ”

The player who said that stopped mid-sentence when he saw the Fullflame team playing.  The other officials did the same.

“Wh-what?”

They were just about to start watching the match, but the Fullflame team immediately won against the 12th-level AI.

“How did they do that?  Did anyone see?  Hey you!  You’ve been sitting here since the beginning!”

“Yeah?  I was watching my team…”

“Damn it…!”

Because it was morning and there weren’t many people around, nobody had seen the Fullflame team.

“To beat the 12th level…”

It was never easy for a trainee to do that.  No, for beginners who hadn’t properly practiced, it was impossible.  Usually, when amateur players who had experience in Rios’ battlefield proved their skills, they would use the 12th level AI to prove their skills.

“Those guys haven’t practiced at all.”

“Maybe they practiced somewhere else?”

“Where would Stella trainees practice?  And they were always cooped up at home after school.”

“I, I don’t know either…”

“Let’s wait and see.  They’ll play another game, right?”

But the Fullflame team was like they knew how to annoy people.

“Hey.  It’s lunch time.”

“Yeah, it is.  Let’s go eat.”

“Alright.  See you all here in the afternoon.”

They started talking about food again.

“Ah, damn.  I can’t come after lunch because I have a sponsor meeting…”

Some team officials let out a sigh, but it was a good thing for the others.  It meant they were going to practice again there after lunch.

‘Hmm.  I should call that player and ask him to come for analysis.’

‘Did the manager want to see this match?  I should call him.’

It was a chance for them to gather their own analysts.

Time flew by, lunch was over, and it was 1 p.m.

“What?  Rios players are here even on the weekend.”

“I know, right.  What’s going on?”

“The manager of Adalen Fire is here too…”

External big-name analysts started to show up, and finally five boys and girls appeared at the Stella Dome Rios practice field.

“Select difficulty. 12th-level AI.”

Soon, Fullflame’s small voice started the match.

Even though it wasn’t a pro league match, all the officials remained silent and focused their eyes on the match.  For them, who were tired of watching the boring practice and analysis of 10-year-old trainees… this exhibition match was very exciting. 
