I Became a Genius in Front of the Magic School

Chapter 194

43. Everything is Frozen (7)

Levian's Coast, Lisbonde Harbor. A certain tavern.

"What a sight."

When an adventurer said that while gulping down beer, the other adventurers nodded.

"Indeed."

"To think that the eternal vortex, which no adventurer had ever conquered, was broken through so easily."

"It's the power of capital."

"And the power of technology."

With the best magic incomparable to that of mere adventurers and capital worth billions, Queen Hong Seryu was indeed doing something crazy. However, none of them knew why the queen suddenly headed towards the Black Cross.

"What could she be looking for there...?"

"Hey, haven't you heard? There's a story that she went there to break the curse of the 'Fire Spirit Flower' passed down through the royal family."

"What? If that's true, it would be a state secret. How do you know about it?"

"Look at those troops. How could you silence the mouths of thousands of people? Besides, there's no reason to keep it a secret."

"That's true."

While chatting about the queen's expedition, the adventurers cast their gazes towards the distant sea. The sight of five giant airships heading towards the frozen pirate ship in the colossal vortex was quite a spectacle, enough to serve as a topic of conversation. The tavern's windows, usually closed for heating, were wide open.

"A divine punishment is coming!"

At that moment, a voice like a curse echoed from the street. The adventurers frowned, recognizing the owner of the voice.

"That drunk old man is at it again."

"Haha! Sometimes it's amusing to listen to him. He claims he once hunted a Rainbow Drake."

An old man, staggering with a bottle in one hand, was walking down the street. He pointed at the queen's airship and shouted.

"Don't dare disturb the spirit of the Pirate King! You'll surely incur his wrath! A divine punishment will come!"

"Come on, give it a rest..."

Just as the adventurers were about to complain about the old man's ranting while enjoying their drinks...

Boom!

A shockwave erupted from the distant sea, and a strong wind swept through Lisbonde Harbor.

Whoosh!

"Ugh!"

Rattle! Rattle!

Windows and doors shook violently, and trash and newspapers flew through the air, forcing pedestrians to stop in their tracks. And then, everyone in Lisbonde Harbor witnessed it simultaneously.

"What is that...?"

"What...?"

A red waterspout connecting the blue sky and the blue sea. The red was so intense that it overshadowed all the surrounding blue. Even veteran adventurers were left staring at the sky in a daze. The drunken old man waved his bottle high and shouted.

"It's a disaster! A disaster has come! The Pirate King is surely enraged!"

"Old man! Be quiet!"

The Pirate King's wrath? There's no way the Pirate King could use such a large-scale fire magic. It must be Queen Hong Seryu's performance. People wanted to believe that firmly.

"Crazy... Is that thing coming this way?"

The flames covered the clouds and began to scatter fiery rain into the sea.

Sizzle!

As the sea melted and froze repeatedly, the terrain twisted in an instant, and all the residents of Lisbonde began to evacuate.

"Damn it!"

"If that thing reaches here, it's over!"

"Run inside the buildings!"

But...

The disaster was not over. Another shockwave, different from when the pillar of fire was created. Immediately after, a wailing sound.

Whooooo...

The terrible scream, as if someone was wailing, struck all the pedestrians in Lisbonde.

"Ugh!"

The scream seemed to electrify people's instincts, causing the weak to collapse and faint, while even the veteran adventurers with good stamina fell to their knees. Amidst all this, the drunken old man stood tall, blowing his bottle and shouting in a drunken voice.

"Oh, the Pirate King is coming. The Pirate King is coming...!!"

They wanted to believe it was a lie. They wanted to dismiss it as the drunken ramblings of an old man. But unfortunately, the old man's words were true.

Beyond the sea. From the pirate ship that had been frozen for a thousand years, a giant blue figure rose. It was taller than a mountain, with a head as large as the pirate ship and eyes as red as the pillar of fire. The giant spirit wearing a pirate uniform finally woke up from its slumber and roared towards the world.

* * *

How did it come to this?

Queen Hong Seryu. Her judgment had never been wrong. She had always turned the impossible into possible. Born as an illegitimate child and starting at the bottom of the line of succession, she had finally become an 8th-class mage and the queen of the great Adolevit Kingdom...

She had nothing to fear. She dismissed the old legends of her ancestors as mere superstitions. But she had a sense of duty. To protect Adolevit, she believed extinguishing the flame of the Fire Spirit Flower was the only way. Even when her subjects said no and expressed their concerns, she pushed forward. Because she had never failed in her life.

Whooooo...

"Ugh!"

But what was this? When the giant skeleton, taller than the airship, looked at her, Hong Seryu's legs stiffened.

"Your Majesty!"

"Your Majesty!"

"Oh, Sun! Save us!"

The people bowed their heads to her, and even the best magic knights could do nothing but desperately call for the queen in the face of the giant disaster. The queen was the one who had caused all this, and she was also an 8th-class mage. But this...

"Impossible..."

It was beyond human comprehension. It was literally an 'unavoidable natural disaster.'

"...No. I must face it."

Hong Seryu used her staff to support herself and stood up with difficulty.

"I am the queen."

She barely managed to face the Pirate King.

Clang!

Boom!

"Ugh?!"

A giant chain with a blue aura shot up from the pirate ship, binding all five airships. Thanks to the engine's output, they didn't crash, but now escape was impossible. The spirit of the Pirate King slowly looked around the world and then glared at Hong Seryu.

- So, it was you who woke me with your fire play.

"I am Queen Hong Seryu, descendant of the great Adolevit. State your name."

- My name is... Pirate King Black Belize.

He finished his words with his red eyes gleaming.

- As per the ancient pact, the world will face eternal winter as the price for waking me.

"No, I won't let that happen."

Hong Seryu's body slowly floated in the air, and red magic circles formed sequentially, interlocking like gears.

'...This is a dire situation.'

With the Fire Spirit Flower running rampant and the red disaster covering the sky, the Pirate King Black Belize declared he would freeze the world. Could there be a more hopeless situation? One might think that mixing fire and ice would result in nothing happening, but only someone who hadn't studied science would say that. If the sky is covered in fire and the ground is filled with ice...

The land would be completely annihilated, leaving nothing behind.

'I must prevent the worst.'

If she could at least stop one of the disasters, something might be done...

Whoosh!

"Ugh!"

A strong wind blew, scattering the flames Hong Seryu had raised. Although the wind made the flames more powerful, it was useless if she couldn't hit the enemy.

"Enough tricks!"

Hong Seryu unleashed a massive shield with her vast mana and then explosively detonated the flames to strike the Pirate King.

Boom!

But when the Pirate King waved his hand, the flames were easily extinguished. Moreover, a strong wind mixed with ice spikes flew from his hand, forcing her to fly up and dodge.

"This much...!"

Hong Seryu conjured flames in both hands. As an 8th-class mage, one of the most powerful in the fire element, her magic was colorful and destructive. Dozens of flame ballistae formed in the air, striking the Pirate King, and red meteors summoned from the clouds fell, while flames rose on the frozen sea, performing miracles. Explosions, destruction, flames. Every time the Pirate King's red eyes gleamed, giant ice spears fell from the clouds, piercing the sea, and beautiful ice crystals mixed with the wind blew, while ice coral grew from the sea, striking the airships. Ice, typhoons, freezing. It was a battle of fire and ice. But the battle was one-sided. No matter how much red was poured...

Boom!!

"Ugh...!"

It was impossible to dye the Pirate King's blue with red. Struck by an ice spike flying from the air, Hong Seryu fell onto the airship and struggled to stand.

"Not yet... Not yet."

But as soon as she stood up, a giant flame engulfed her, forcing her to fall back to the ground.

"Ugh!"

Even as a fire mage, she didn't have complete immunity to fire. Unfortunately, with her shield shattered and the giant flame of the Fire Spirit Flower hitting her, Hong Seryu had to collapse on the ground, unable to regain her senses.

- Accept it. It is your fate.

She tried to stand up, supporting herself with her staff, but she had no strength left. In contrast, the spirit of the Pirate King was still strong, making the situation utterly hopeless.

"Ah..."

All the magic warriors of Adolevit knelt in despair at the overwhelming defeat of the queen they had trusted. To make matters worse...

Boom!!

Finally, the Fire Spirit Flower went completely out of control, and the pillar of fire connecting the ground and sky grew stronger, eventually causing a red thundercloud. As the 'Wrath of the Fire Avatar' from the legends unfolded before their eyes, everyone despaired. Further resistance was meaningless. Now...

They had to prepare for death.

* * *

Emotions swirled. The above sentence was severely out of context. Emotions couldn't swirl. But Hong Biyeon was experiencing that impossible phenomenon firsthand. Anger, pain, and then despair again. The countless negative emotions flashed through her mind, igniting the flame within her heart.

- Be angry. Be angry!

The palace servants who ostracized her. The maids who subtly ignored her. The queen who openly discriminated against her. The sister who tormented her terribly.

- It was painful, wasn't it? That's the emotion!

My goodness, you are more like the Fire Clan than any Fire Clan member I've ever seen! Do you know? The ancestor mage's disciple and your ancestor 'Adolevit' was just like you!

The voice kept whispering.

- She was always full of heat. She converted her anger into flames. It was an amazing power! Flames controlled by anger are uncontrollable but very destructive!

The voice seemed very excited.

- Burning everything! That is the essence of magic and the magic of the great fire mage Adolevit!

Perhaps it was because of the familiar sense of kinship after a long time. The joyful emotion was so vivid that it was transmitted to Hong Biyeon.

- Yes... First, cover this entire sea with flames. Let the world know of your existence. The Fire Avatar has revived! The true heir of Adolevit has reappeared in the world!

Everything would be easy if she just followed the voice's words. If she burned everything that made her suffer and tormented her, she wouldn't have to suffer anymore.

'Let's do that.'

But she kept hesitating.

'Why?'

Burning everything in sight was the true will of the flame. But she couldn't do that. Something in her mind kept stopping her. It was...

The tiny bit of happiness left in Hong Biyeon's heart. Every time her mind was about to be consumed by anger, a certain boy would appear and disappear, and her reason would slowly return.

'If I burn everything...'

In the end.

'I'll burn even my happiness.'

She couldn't do that.

Flash!

When Hong Biyeon opened her eyes, her red eyes burned even brighter than the flames of the avatar.

- ...Huh? This isn't right?

The flames gradually subsided.

- This is new. Completely different. Until now... I thought the indiscriminate, rampaging flames of Adolevit were the true flames...

The pillar of fire connecting the sea and sky gradually shrank, and the red clouds covering the sky over Levian's coast began to return to dark clouds.

- To think that uncontrollable flames could be controlled like this! Haha! This is fresh and interesting in its own way!

Finally, when the fire was completely extinguished, Hong Biyeon was flying in the sky. With a pair of wings made of flames, she floated in the air.

"...What, what is this!"

Someone shouted. When she turned around, she saw knights in Adolevit Kingdom uniforms. She felt a distinct gaze and turned her head to see Queen Hong Seryu, who had collapsed on the ground, looking at her with difficulty.

"How... How is this possible...?"

Impossible. Even if you combined all the impossibilities Hong Seryu had faced and overcome, it wouldn't compare to this. To regain reason after being consumed by the Fire Spirit Flower and even control the flames in the form of wings. 'Could it be... she controlled the Fire Spirit Flower?' No one who inherited Adolevit's blood could control it. Only one person. The ancestor mage's heir 'Adolevit' in history was the only one who could handle it. Touching the Fire Spirit Flower was considered a suicidal act even within the royal family.

"I can't believe it..."

Today, the people of Adolevit experienced a miracle. It was a miracle that bloomed in a situation of utter despair, so it was dazzlingly beautiful.