The distinctive Stella Dome notification buzzed in Stella's ears, and she was instantly transported to the ruins. 

"Flash!" She closed her eyes, then opened them to find the ruins spread out before her. A control tower, completely out of place in the ruins, stood tall, and in front of it were a number of small guardian towers lined up.

"Oh, so this is the battlefield."

"It's pretty much the same feeling as the Stella Dome's virtual training ground."

Aizel tapped the ground with her foot and reached for her waist. She instinctively went to pull out her staff, but felt nothing.

"Ah." It was only then that she belatedly realized that all weapons had to be purchased from the shop within the battlefield.

"You can open the shop from the control tower. You'll be given 1,500 mana points at the beginning. It's standard to buy a staff and a mana stone."

It was only natural that a weapon and mana were necessary for using magic. After confirming they had all bought a wand, a staff, and a mana stone, Fullflame continued the explanation.

"As you know from reading the strategy book, buying items like robes and boots is as important as upgrading your staff."

Fullflame had already memorized the types of items, but she didn't yet know which items were good for which situations. She had no combat experience.

"Next, you need to choose your magic."

"1. It's best to choose only one powerful spell. It's called an 'ultimate move,' and the more powerful it is, the longer the cooldown is. You won't be able to use it many times."

"So you're saying that to fill one slot, you choose a spell that you can only use once in a battle, but it can change the course of the battle?"

When Hayeonryang asked, Fullflame nodded. 

"Right. Sometimes people use two or three, but that's not common. It's inefficient. Once you've each chosen your magic, there's another spell you absolutely need to get."

"……You're talking about a 'shield' spell, right?"

There were only certain magic spells available. It was called 'all magic,' so naturally, shield magic was included. This is where the first problem arose.

"What about you, old man? What are you going to do?"

"What do you mean, what am I going to do?"

Baek Yuseol showed Fullflame his magic registration slot. It had only one spell – Blink. That was it.

"Hmm… Are you sure you'll be okay without a shield? It's one of the essential spells. It can make or break the battle."

"Well, I'll try to avoid getting hit as much as possible."

Without even a basic shield, he would be literally 'deleted' if he was exposed to magic. Thankfully, there were items that could protect him from enemy attacks, even if the cooldown was long. And his basic defense would increase slightly with each upgrade to his robe. However, the fact that he had to invest more in defense was already a penalty. He was a damage dealer, and he had to invest resources that should have been used to increase his attack power into defense.

Even though he tried to convince himself that 'it'll be okay because it's Baek Yuseol,' his expression seemed uneasy. He wasn't confident in his own abilities.

'On top of that, he can't use Blink whenever he wants inside the arena… In real life, he could use Blink unlimitedly, but in the arena, he has to use a certain amount of mana, and it costs him. Not to mention, he's a damage dealer, and he doesn't even have an offensive spell that can instantly take down enemies.  Even though he's Baek Yuseol, he has way too many penalties in the arena.'

'Come to think of it…'

Fullflame felt like an idiot for being so confident in their victory. The countless conditions that allowed them to wield their powers in real life were useless here.

'That's why it was like that.'

Gayeorin, whose fame was widely known thanks to Mayuseong, Baek Yuseol, and Hayeonryang, had taunted Fullflame for a reason. No matter how powerful they were in real life, they would have to play with limited resources in the arena, and the Gayeorin team, which specialized in training for the arena, would be more skilled.

"Old man. Are you alright?"

"Yeah. It's fine. Let's just have a practice match first. I need to get my bearings."

Using his room leader's authority, Fullflame set the system of the arena and summoned AI players for the opposing team. Their AI had a certain level of performance, but it was still a threat to novice players.

"I'll set the AI difficulty to level 1. We're all starting from scratch."

Suddenly, Mayuseong spoke.

"There are higher difficulties? Why can't we do the hardest one?"

"I understand why you're interested, but that's not possible. Stella's highest difficulty is hard even for professional players."

"As the difficulty increases, the AI gets mana and item bonuses. The Stella Dome system gives it 90% accuracy, which is scary, and it's even scarier because of its incredible reaction speed, but you can't beat it in terms of growth."

"Oh…"

"Now you understand? So we…,"

Fullflame, who had been saying that, noticed something strange. Baek Yuseol, Mayuseong, even Hayeonryang and Aizel, all had sparkling eyes.

"These crazy bastards…"

Fullflame, who had been about to put his finger on difficulty level 1, had no choice but to move his hand to level 12, which was at the far right end.

"Ugh, I don't know what I'm doing. If I get shredded, don't blame me."

Clank!

***

The RioS match, also known as the Stella Civil War, had a long history and was quite popular even among outsiders. As the most popular sport in the world, Stella actively trained players, and external experts frequently visited Stella to scout young and talented players to recruit them into their teams early on. Even though Magic Warrior students had to graduate from the school to become official Magic Warriors, RioS players could quit school and start their careers at any time.

This year, in particular, many promising freshmen had enrolled. On top of that, the best prodigies, who were already making a name for themselves as Magic Warriors, were participating in the match. It was impossible for the owners, managers, and professional players of professional teams not to be interested.

"Tsk, those arrogant bastards. They make me sick."

A young professional player shook his head, muttering.

"Those arrogant pricks are always around, aren't they?"

Among the countless officials watching the students practice on dozens of monitors in the VIP area, they immediately knew who the player was referring to.

'He's talking about the Fullflame team.'

'Well, I can't blame him.'

RioS was clearly a sport, and it was common for Magic Warriors to look down on it because they weren't fighting for their lives. But even if it was just a sport, the fact that there was intense competition and war every day, even more so than in real combat, did these young Magic Warrior hopefuls even know that? 

RioS was just as much about strategy and tactics as real combat, and maybe even more so. Victory required mastery of them, but every year, there were Magic Warrior hopefuls who didn't know anything and jumped into RioS.

"I know those kids are great, but… don't they underestimate RioS too much?"

"They're underestimating it because they're arrogant."

Countless teams were playing practice matches in their respective battlefields, but the Fullflame team was a little different. They seemed to have just arrived at the battlefield for the first time, looking around with wide eyes, and they didn't even know what items to buy, making their team leader explain it to them for a long time. It was obvious that they didn't know anything about the game.

"They're underestimating RioS."

To think that they actually applied for the Stella Civil War without even any combat experience was pretty arrogant. Even though the professional players' stomachs were boiling, the team officials who had come to recruit young players shook their heads in dismay.

'They're screwed.'

'Tsk. I had high hopes for them, the geniuses of geniuses, but they didn't even prepare. That's a bit disappointing.'

Then, the next scene was enough to make the professional players stifle their laughter.

'[The level 12 AI has appeared in the Red Team's territory]'

They were practicing against an AI. The kind of AI that only complete beginners who know nothing about anything would fight against. But, the difficulty level was strange.

"They don't even know what difficulty level is."

"Level 12 is difficult to handle even for high-ranking amateurs. You can't even think about facing it easily."

"They have an overwhelming advantage in equipment, so there's nothing they can do."

"And they're also exceptional in their limited use of magic."

Those students, who were called geniuses, would soon be in despair. They had lived a life of defeat because of their various magic spells, various attributes, and vast mana, but in the RioS arena, it would be completely different.

"What magic did they choose?"

They could only choose seven spells. One of those had to be a shield, and Knights had to choose a power jump spell, further limiting their choices.

"Hmm?"

However, the officials were disappointed when they saw the spells chosen by the five boys and girls. They had expected the successor's magic from the Full Moon Tower, or special bloodline magic, but the spells they chose were extremely ordinary. Bloodline magic and successor magic had a high mana cost, and it could be a waste to use one slot for it, but it could be a game-changer that could turn the tide of battle. They didn't understand their choices.

"The only one that's a little unique is… the girl who looks about middle school age and Baek Yuseol."

"It's Fullflame, sir."

"Ah, right. I've heard of her. She uses the Angel's Magic, doesn't she?"

"Yes. She can use all the magic spells of races such as elves, dwarves, and beastmen."

But what good was that amazing advantage? There were limits to the magic spells they could use. Even so, Fullflame's magic slots were filled with unique spells that had never been seen before, and officials were curious about her magic.

"That guy, Baek Yuseol… He only brought one spell?"

"Is he brave or stupid?"

"I heard he has personal reasons why he can only use Blink."

"I don't care about that. I don't know how he did in real life, but he's screwed in RioS."

With only Blink, which was only for mobility, and no offensive spells to provide a decisive blow, Baek Yuseol was nothing more than dead weight in RioS.

"It would be better if he wasn't even here. He'd just provide the enemy team with mana if he dies."

"That's true. Haha."

Knowing that Baek Yuseol was famous for his outstanding reputation, the professional players focused their attention on him, hoping to see him thoroughly humiliated in RioS. The other matches had already disappeared from their sight.

"Finally, they're moving. It's been a long wait."

The RioS match basically starts with five players scattered across three different paths, eliminating enemy monsters as they invade and protecting their towers.

They didn't have to be the first to kill the monsters. Their towers could attack from a distance, so they could also get mana by finishing off monsters with low HP. That was especially true in the early game when mana was extremely scarce.

"Pfft."

"What is he doing?"

"His reputation as a genius is going down the drain."

Mayuseong, who was on the center lane, which had the biggest impact on the team's victory and morale, showed a foolish act from the very beginning. He began firing spells indiscriminately at the mini-monsters. From the start, he had few spells available, and he used them randomly every time the cooldown ended. He looked like a complete beginner, making him a laughingstock.

"Huh?"

In the end, Mayuseong managed to kill all the mini-monsters and get resources, but he quickly ran out of mana and couldn't attack the approaching monsters, forcing him to return to base. As a result, he ended up giving all the monsters to his tower, putting them at a disadvantage from the beginning.

"He must have been used to having an endless amount of mana."

The other lanes were at least doing okay. Fullflame, who had taken the upper lane, was using magic aggressively, but she was also using the tower wisely, showing a clever side. Hayeonryang and Aizel on the lower lane also quickly learned the know-how and saved their mana.

So, what was Baek Yuseol doing, exploring the ‘alleyway lane’?

In the rain-soaked ruins map, there were many winding alleyways like a maze, and monsters summoned based on the mana the players bet appeared in these alleyways. Baek Yuseol had not invested a single mana, and Hayeonryang didn't have much mana either, but Mayuseong, Fullflame, and Aizel had a lot of mana, so the alleyway monsters were stronger than average.

"Hmm? That little kid has been playing this game quite a bit, hasn't he?"

Alleyway monsters were a pain to deal with early on. They had higher attack power than you thought, and they were hard to kill. 

But Baek Yuseol skillfully avoided the alleyway monsters' attacks. He didn't even allow them to hit him once and managed to kill them. It was an impossible feat unless he had played the game many times.

"No, it's his first time. Didn't you see him register his magic spells earlier? Unless he's replacing them, registering magic spells means it's his first game."

"Hmm."

Around that time, the players and team officials had a strange feeling about those boys and girls, and their hunch was right.

The beginners, who had seemed blind and clueless about the rules, started to move actively. Their movement was efficient, they used their magic to kill mini-monsters, they actively pushed the enemy team as if they knew when the next mini-monsters would appear, and they were growing at a rapid pace.

But that's all they did.

The level 12 AI was not easy to deal with. From the start, it had already equipped itself with high-performance items, and it began to pressure the Fullflame team, already using more than four spells. 

Fullflame's team had not yet acquired resources properly, so they had fewer spells available and weaker items, so they were inevitably pushed back by the overwhelming gap.

The Fullflame team was dying continuously. The growth gap was widening, and the towers were crumbling. There was no point in watching them get completely defeated.

"Ugh, they're getting destroyed after all."

"That was a bit underwhelming."

"If they had started with level 1 AI and gradually increased the difficulty, we would have been able to predict their skill. They got arrogant and messed up from the beginning."

"Haha, it's actually a good thing. Their pride will be crushed. They'll realize how powerless they are on the RioS battlefield."

As officials one by one shifted their attention to other battlefields, a faint smile on their faces, the professional players or former professional players couldn't take their eyes off the Fullflame team's match. They were completely defeated and couldn't do anything, but still.

"Hey, why are you still watching that match? Are you going to watch them completely collapse until the end?"

"No, that's not it, but…," The player pointed at Mayuseong's personal screen with his finger.

"Look at that."

"What? He's getting beaten up, isn't he?"

The player thought it was ridiculous that someone who couldn't even watch the game properly was acting as a coach, but he swallowed his words and explained.

"At first, he wasn't countering the opponent's spells inefficiently. He was always losing in the exchange of magic, and he was taking more damage."

"That's right. It's a shame that he's called Mayuseong. It's the same now, isn't it? He's just getting beaten up one-sidedly."

"Yes, it's the same, and that's strange."

"What?"

The manager looked confused at the nonsensical statement, so the player said.

"When the AI grows by 10, those boys only grow by 1. In the middle of the game, there's no need to talk about the growth gap."

"That's true."

"But… they're showing the same exchange of blows as they were at the beginning."

"Hmm?"

Come to think of it, it was strange. If there was a difference in growth, they would usually get beaten up one-sidedly, not even being able to exchange blows. But they were doing the same level of exchange as they were in the early game? That meant…

"Mayuseong has completely analyzed the enemy's patterns. He's even using it perfectly with maximum efficiency. He's countering all of the enemy's attacks and hitting them back. If it weren't for the AI's cheat-like growth power at level 12, he would have crushed the opponent by now."

'Hmm?'

It sounded like it made sense, but he still wasn't sure. They were avoiding enemy attacks with their movement without using magic, minimizing mana to reduce the opponent's HP, and using a powerful hit to deal a critical blow. That level of play could be seen even in the amateur league.

'Hmm? Wait.'

The amateur league? The manager's spine tingled when he thought of that.

'They're playing their first game, aren't they?'

The other officials, having overheard the player's words, turned their attention back to the Fullflame team. The situation was the same as before. The Fullflame team was being beaten up one-sidedly.

But…

Even though the growth gap was widening, why was the battle unfolding in a similar way to the early game?

"Still… They're still beginners. They can't even secure their vision. They're not even setting up the basic 'radar' on the map."

There was something even more surprising about that.

"Usually, you secure your vision with a radar or predict where the enemy is if the area isn't secured, and take countermeasures… But they're just using their reaction speed and sense of the moment."

"But they're doomed. Their teamwork is terrible. They're not even fighting properly."

They were all clumped together, fighting as a team, but it was a complete mess. They didn't share their spells, so their combos didn't work, and sometimes their attacks even interfered with each other.

But, their one-on-one battles were incredibly impressive.

"This…,"

They thought to themselves.

This is really going to be one of those situations where if they fight another round, they'll beat level 12 AI.

Their growth was so fast that if they fought the same opponent again, there was a low chance they could win!

That was the conclusion the players reached.

'[Blue Team Defeated]'

As soon as the Fullflame team's control tower was destroyed and their defeat was announced, the players looked at the arena with hopeful eyes. They had just started their first practice match, so they were already urging them to move on to the next round.

But they didn't know anything about the Fullflame team yet.

"Aaaah~ I'm tired!"

"Don't you think we've practiced enough?"

"No?"

"I think it's been more than enough. Let's go get some food."

"I'm hungry too, Yuseol."

"I agree. If we don't have dinner exactly at 7 PM, our biological clock will get messed up."

"Hey, you crazy bastards! We only played one round!"

"I'm going to eat spicy cutlets and cold noodles for dinner. You can stay if you want."

"Oh… I can't resist that. I'm coming too."

"Aaah! I want to go too!"

The five boys and girls disappeared from the arena and disbanded.

That's how the match ended with only one round.

"..Huh?"

The professional team officials, watching the scene on the monitors, stared blankly at the spot where they had disappeared, looking completely dumbfounded.

"What the hell…?"

They started to wonder if they were even serious about the game.