## Magic School Front Blink Genius Became 289 54. League of Spirit (2)

Two weeks? A single day is enough. That’s what he thought. Stella Dome, gathered at the League of Spirit training ground, Full Flame asked with one leg crossed and arms folded. 

“….That guy?”

Azel, who had been squatting in the corner, staring intently at the Rios (League of Spirit) strategy book, raised his head. But because the strategy book was too big and extensive, he ended up only peeking out.

“He said he had something to do and went somewhere in a hurry.”

“Something to do? It wouldn’t be the bathroom, would it?”

“Well….”

“He didn’t go to build a bathroom, so why is he so late?”

“It could be because of Yuseol.”

Mayuseong, who was also squatting next to him, was reading Rios’ rulebook. That’s right, just the rulebook. Azel had already finished reading the rulebook in advance after hearing about participating in the game, and now had reached the level of strategizing, while Mayuseong, who had been goofing off, was just now getting familiar with the rulebook. 

“Damn, a headache came on so suddenly,” Full Flame covered his head and quietly looked at Haewonryang who was doing something diligently next to him. “….What’s he doing again?”

“He’s sculpting.”

Haewonryang had summoned ice and was carving it into a detailed sculpture with wind blades. 

“Sculpting, I know it’s sculpting. But why is he doing it here?”

“He said Stella Dome is good for practice. He said it helps with the fine tuning of magic. I tried it too, but I gave up.”

“Crazy….”

Whether Haewonryang knew or not that Full Flame was looking at him with bewildered eyes, he continued sculpting with serious eyes. Mayuseong seemed bored by this situation, so he got up from his spot, rolled up the rulebook, tucked it under his arm, stood in front of the sculpture, and rested his chin on his hand. The sight was almost like an art critic admiring a piece of artwork at a museum. 

“Wow, it’s so pretty!”

But a moment later, Haewonryang immediately smashed the sculpture into pieces with the wind blades.

“It was pretty….”

“I don’t like it.”

“Why?”

“It has a scratch. I need to start over from scratch. I have to practice my mana control until I get a perfect sculpture.”

“Oh, is that it?”

As they watched Haewonryang summon an ice statue again and start sculpting, Full Flame realized that his plan had been derailed from the start. ‘I’m crazy…’. Bringing together unique geniuses who had never gathered before, it was uncontrollable. In the midst of it all, he couldn’t help but resent Baek Yuseol, who hadn’t even shown himself yet.

“Uh….” A man who seemed to be in his late twenties hesitantly spoke to Full Flame. “Are you still far from being ready….”

“Almost done.”

“Ok….”

His name was Hwang Seolgu, an instructor at Stella Academy. But not all instructors were the same just because they were instructors at Stella. While some instructors were Stella graduates, there were quite a few who were brought in from outside Stella.  Their numbers made up a considerable proportion. Why? Because 90% of Stella graduates walk the path of elite nobles. Great Mage Tower, Academy, prestigious Mage Tower, Royal Family’s Chief Mage, High Rank Magic Warrior. For that reason, there were few Stella graduates who were instructors, and there were quite a few instructors who had somehow built careers outside Stella. One of them was the instructor in charge of the ‘Rios Full Flame Team.’

“Just wait a little.”

“….Yes.”

Full Flame didn’t have any particular complaints about the instructor. After all, in the original novel, Azel’s team didn’t even have any sense of the instructor’s existence. It was a blessing that the instructor even spoke to them. But, when he thought about this team, it was indeed strange. The successor of Manwol Tower, the genius mage Azel with a thousand years of history, Mayuseong, Full Flame who wielded light, and Baek Yuseol. Even though a team of the greatest genius mages had gathered, it was strange that an instructor from Rios was assigned to them. The reason was obvious. ‘It must be Gayurin.’ Gayurin was a promising professional player in the League of Spirit, and also the youngest daughter of the prestigious family that frequently produced winners of Rios. He might not know about magic warriors, but the sports industry was tightly controlled by the Gayurin family. It was no surprise that they would send such a clumsy instructor. Currently, the world is already in a peaceful state, completely prepared for the invasion of the Black Mages. As such, it was a society where the sports industry was gaining more power. 

“Sigh, there’s nothing I can do. I’ll explain the basics to Mayuseong while we wait for that guy.”

Full Flame eventually gave up on practice and started explaining the rules and strategies. As a small team with only five members, their formation would collapse if one person was missing. After 30 minutes passed… Somehow, Baek Yuseol, covered in mud all over his body, appeared with a heavy gait. 

“Oh, I’m a little late….”

Looking at him waving his hand slowly in greeting, Full Flame couldn’t even find the time to get angry. 

“Crazy. Where were you?”

“I just went out to take care of some personal business. I was trying to get here on time, but things got a bit messed up….”

Full Flame folded his arms and glared at Baek Yuseol. She hated people who broke promises more than anything. But Baek Yuseol… it was a bit different. His concept of time would be different from ordinary people. For Baek Yuseol, 1 minute and 1 second, which are boring and trivial to others, could be a fatal time attack to change the future. The time we are used to might all be the ordinary daily life that Baek Yuseol wanted.

“Fine. You’re here now, that’s all that matters.”

Full Flame decided to be lenient about Baek Yuseol’s being late. He was never one to waste time. ‘Sigh, he must have been late because he went to the Eslen Yellow Earth Festival.’ Baek Yuseol dusted off the mud on his body, took out a ring from his pocket, and fiddled with it. Full Flame wondered if he would forgive Baek Yuseol if he knew that he was late to get this useless ring that had no special function, only the effect of making mud taste good. ‘There’s a use for everything.’ He had gone to the trouble of acquiring it in advance because it would be useful later, but he was late for the appointment.  Still, he felt relieved that he had finished the job cleanly.

“So, let’s practice properly now. Old man, I hope you’re not going to say something ridiculous like you’re going to read the rulebook now?”

“I would never.”

Baek Yuseol, who often watched online competitions, if not directly playing Rios himself, was well-versed in the rules as well as strategy and tactics. In fact, Full Flame had come from Earth where ‘Aether World Online’ didn’t exist, so Baek Yuseol might even be better at various builds and strategies in this regard. Of course, knowing something in your head doesn’t mean you can actually use it. If it did, everyone in town would have already become a professional player. ‘I should just leave the strategy to him…’. Full Flame’s leadership was excellent, so it would be much better than Baek Yuseol, who didn’t even know how to do it, taking charge. Besides, Baek Yuseol’s position was a close-range dealer, or an assassin role, so he wasn’t suited for the role of commander.

“First, I’ll give you a brief explanation of the basic rules for Mayuseong.”

“Yes…,” Mayuseong nodded like a well-behaved puppy, and Full Flame explained with a satisfied expression. “When the game starts, all five of you will be summoned in front of your team’s ‘control tower’. We have to protect it and destroy the opponent’s control tower to win. But you can’t just run in and destroy it.”

The League of Spirit resembled the AOS genre games that were popular on Earth. In fact, from Baek Yuseol’s perspective, ‘Rios’ within Aether World Online was one of the most popular AOS games on Earth. When the game starts, every mage deposits their own mana onto the map, causing monsters to absorb it. Players kill those monsters to acquire mana, which they don’t use all of it to cast magic. Through mana, they can upgrade staffs, robes, boots from the control tower, and purchase various items to turn the tide of battle.

“If you upgrade your staff, the power of your magic increases, and your total mana increases. If you upgrade your robe, your defense increases, and boots, you know, speed.”

Mayuseong raised his hand like a student who wants to ask a question.

“Then, isn’t it a disadvantage for someone like me who has a lot of mana?”

“That’s right. But inside Rios, all mages have to be fair. This isn’t real life, it’s a sport. If someone like you, who relies on your total mana, sweeps every game, how can that be called a strategy game?”

“Ah…. Strategy, multiplayer, battle arena. Rios is a place where all of them come together. If some strong players start to rely on their total mana and run wild, it’s no longer a sport.”

“But total mana isn’t entirely useless. The more mana our team has, the slightly faster and more monsters appear that can acquire resources.”

“So, having more mana is advantageous after all?”

“Yes, but these monsters appear in our territory, but enemies can come and steal them, so be careful.”

“Oh….”

In this way, players must kill monsters or acquire resources and gradually destroy the opponent’s towers one by one. To do so, killing the opponent is an essential element. 

“The number of spells you can use is also limited. You can use bloodline magic, and if you’ve learned legendary magic, you can use it, but… there’s a limit of seven.”

“Really?”

“Yes. And the more powerful the magic, the longer the cooldown, so you need a balanced distribution of magic that is weak but can be used many times.”

“Hmm…”

While explaining these various rules, Full Flame realized that this game was a significant disadvantage for Mayuseong. He understood why Mayuseong hadn’t participated in Rios in the original novel. For Mayuseong, who had used dozens of spells with infinite mana, such restrictions would be a significant pain. On the other hand, it would be a very advantageous battlefield for Haewonryang, who used magic in combination with less mana… ‘This is completely the old man’s stage!’ Baek Yuseol, needless to say. He had always only used one spell, and he had almost no mana restrictions. Within the League of Spirit, the use of blink would be subject to some mana restrictions according to the rules, but even so, the person who could operate most similarly to real life was still Baek Yuseol. ‘I can trust the old man, can’t I?’ Originally, he wasn’t aiming for victory, but thinking about Baek Yuseol’s strengths, his chances of winning seemed to be rising, making him feel better.  He wasn’t really thinking of winning in the first place.  But he changed his mind after meeting Gayurin. He had to crush that crazy woman’s arrogance. ‘I don’t know about competitive spirit, but I have to crush the opponent who’s challenging me. Only then can I sleep with my legs stretched out that night.’

On the other hand, Baek Yuseol stared intently at the rulebook and shook his head, his mind becoming more and more complex. ‘I’m screwed.’ Strategy was something he didn’t understand no matter how much he looked at it. Full Flame seemed to be thinking of somehow winning by cooperating, but unfortunately, that was Baek Yuseol’s greatest weakness. If it were real life, there would be an option to fight back to back, but the sport of Rios was all about linking magic between teammates to defeat the opponent. ‘How am I supposed to link anything… My only usable spell, Blink.’ Baek Yuseol felt his future was already bleak. 
