The magic school in front of the shimmering genius became 285 53. The Shadow Cast by the Wind (6) All the palaces in the Wind Empire are named after legendary or mythical creatures and great people. For example, the Iron Palace is named after the Iron General, ‘Iron Night Strike’, a man who married a motionless steel statue, was ridiculed by everyone, but through his sincere devotion, transformed the statue into a real person. It is known as a palace where queens and princesses usually reside. Of course, Jellyel knows nothing about such things. She simply thinks that this is a very luxurious palace for entertaining guests.

“I am Feng Harang, the youngest son of the Feng Family.” When I first saw that boy who looked like a pickled radish, I got the impression that he was really stiff. His expression was stiff, his muscles were stiff.

“Well, I……”

“Shh. Senior. We can do introductions later.”

Then, when I saw a boy named Duk Cheol Gwang who was puffing out his nostrils from behind, I slightly revised that impression. ‘…Those muscles look even stiffer.’ As Jellyel, who only manages her physical strength enough to avoid collapsing while sitting at her desk, those who train their muscles like that simply seem foolish to her.

“Nice to meet you. I am Jellyel from the Star Cloud Trading Company. I am so honored to be treated so kindly by someone as insignificant as me.” Unlike usual, when meeting someone older, Jellyel puts on a fake smile and loads up her voice with a soft tone. Pretending to be kind? Pretending to be polite? I have practiced so much it has become tedious.

“We do not treat insignificant people kindly. Miss, please take a seat over there.”

Following Feng Harang’s guidance, I slowly walked towards the massive chairman’s seat, presumably used by adults, and glanced at the Stella students who came with him. ‘Ma Yu Seong, Hae Won Ryang… Full Flame.’ I don’t have any information on Duk Cheol Gwang, so he is excluded. The remaining three were all figures with some information stored in my mind.

Ma Yu Seong. He entered Stella as the top student, and it is obvious from his appearance that he is a noble from a wealthy family, but his family is unknown. Rumored to have received special admission to Stella.

Hae Won Ryang. The heir to the Full Moon Tower, who entered as the second-ranked student. He has recently been catching up to Ma Yu Seong’s insane talent, and he is versatile in using multiple attributes.

Full Flame. An orphan, but he freely uses special attributes that can manipulate other races like light and plants, and his original magical skills are also incredibly outstanding. And… there is a record of her being in a romantic relationship with Baek Yu Seol at one point.

‘To think I would meet her here.’ Even though she tries to look elsewhere, she can’t help but keep her gaze fixed on Full Flame. The same was true for Full Flame.

‘That crazy woman is Jellyel?’ This is the first time he is seeing her in person. But since he had been tired of her in the original romance novel, ‘Don’t Love the Unfortunate Noblewoman,’ her impression and personality are clearly engraved in his mind. The psycho who tore Azrael’s heart to shreds and tormented her until the end. That was Jellyel.

Jellyel, who took her seat, smiled softly and looked at Ma Yu Seong, Hae Won Ryang, and Full Flame once each.

“You brought your friends.”

“Yes, I did. Forgive me for the intrusion. But my friends are also Stella S-class students, so I have no doubt that this will be a good meeting.”

“Yes, you are correct.”

Stella’s S-class is someone that even the trading companies need to get to know, so Jellyel was actually slightly pleased with this meeting. She had wanted to meet Ma Yu Seong and Hae Won Ryang once, and above all, she could finally see Full Flame…

‘What, what? Why are you staring at me?’

When Jellyel smiled softly and stared at Full Flame’s eyes as if scanning her, she was slightly flustered and her expression crumbled. Just by looking at her, her facial expressions were uncontrollable, and Jellyel could roughly grasp Full Flame’s personality through her unremarkable appearance. 

‘…Is that kind of feeling her ideal type?’

Her expression kept changing chaotically, she wasn’t tame at all, and her mouth was constantly twitching as if she wanted to say something useless. It’s completely the opposite of Jellyel’s personality. No, rather, it’s a personality that she can’t comprehend.

‘With that crude personality… she was really in a relationship with Baek Yu Seol?’

She was short, had short hair, and her physique was practically that of a child. What on earth is attractive about her? Rather, she herself, a mature and beautiful high elf…

‘What am I thinking.’

This kind of thought itself is not mature. Jellyel closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and extended her hand to Full Flame.

“I’ve heard a lot about you. You are said to have inherited the blood of an angel, right?”

“No, I haven’t.”

As Jellyel’s hand grasped hers, the force of her grip was unusual. Even though she didn’t exercise, she was an elf after all. Her physical abilities are far superior to those of humans. However, Full Flame was also a powerhouse who wouldn’t be outdone in terms of strength anywhere. When she was a child, she participated in the local arm wrestling competition and defeated all the adult men, so she is confident in her muscles, and she has no intention of being pushed by a mere bookworm in terms of grip strength.

Kwaaang!!!

Red veins protruded from the backs of Full Flame and Jellyel’s hands, and sweat started to drip from their faces. Just as they were about to pull each other’s arms off, Feng Harang intervened to stop the situation.

“No matter how much you want to greet each other, we don’t shake hands like that in the Wind Empire.”

He pulled the two girls’ arms apart and said, “Show your respect by hitting your opposite shoulder three times with your fist and bowing.”

Even after watching Feng Harang demonstrate, Full Flame sat back on the chair with her butt planted, and Jellyel awkwardly followed the movement with a bright smile before withdrawing.

“Oh my. Women’s power struggles are scary.”

Ma Yu Seong and Hae Won Ryang didn’t say anything while watching their standoff, but Duk Cheol Gwang, who was oblivious, blurted out a comment, and Feng Harang shot him a terrifying look.

“Well… I didn’t say anything wrong. Why is everyone only targeting me?”

After Duk Cheol Gwang said that and sat down obediently, Hae Won Ryang finally brought up the main topic.

“I really wanted to meet you once, so I’m honored to be able to do so here. I heard you have a request, so if there is anything we can do for you as Stella students and the heir to the Full Moon Tower, or even as peers, we will gladly do so, so please feel free to tell us.”

“…Is that so?”

Jellyel cooled her heated head with Hae Won Ryang’s words and thought. In fact, she had no request for them. She just stopped by to see Baek Yu Seol’s face and got stuck here unintentionally. But the situation is different when it’s them.

“Actually… It might be a little different from what I had in mind, a very small request. Would it be alright?”

“Even a small request is fine.”

Hae Won Ryang replied with a faint smile to Jellyel’s cautious words, and she carefully opened her mouth.

“This semester, there is going to be an exchange student project between the Star Flower Tree Magic School and the Stella Academy.”

“I know.”

It was quite awkward to make this request in front of Full Flame, but she had no choice. This was her only chance. ‘According to the information, that boy Ma Yu Seong is close to Baek Yu Seol.’ That mysterious boy, who always sat there with a bright smile and never interacted with anyone else, hardly showed any signs of genuine friendship with anyone. But there were a few people who were close to him. One of them was Baek Yu Seol.

“Perhaps, during this exchange student period… can you persuade Stella’s student Baek Yu Seol to come to the Star Flower Tree?”

When she cautiously brought up the story, the name Baek Yu Seol popped up out of nowhere, and the three boys and one girl were inevitably taken aback.

“Ba, Baek Yu Seol?”

Feng Harang stammered and asked again, and Jellyel nodded in confirmation.

“Yes, that’s right.”

“…Why?”

“There’s no particular reason. I just… want to see her at school.”

Perhaps if those around her who knew Jellyel saw her now, they would have been horrified. Not hiding her true feelings and blurting them out before trailing off is one of the acts that Jellyel herself considers most foolish.

Noticing her panic, Hae Won Ryang quickly added, “That’s right. From the Star Cloud Trading Company’s standpoint, I think Baek Yu Seol is someone we would definitely want to meet.”

“Oh, yes, you’re right. From the trading company’s point of view, that’s why I want to see her.”

Does she even know what she’s saying and how she’s rambling? She blurted out her request in a hurry in such a sudden situation, and Jellyel was quite flustered herself, and she couldn’t recover at all.

‘What’s wrong with her?’

Full Flame narrowed her eyes and looked at Jellyel. Although her appearance was clearly as mean-spirited as in the original novel, her personality was completely different from what she had expected. 

‘Something about her… she doesn’t feel like a demon who would do anything ruthless to drag others down to hell, but rather, she’s just an ordinary… girl in love. 

‘Is she always like this? Really?’

She knows Baek Yu Seol has met Jellyel, but even so, the atmosphere is too, too, too different. 

‘What kind of act did she do to that psycho?’

Now she’s distorting everything so much that she has to question the personalities of the characters from the original romance novel. Will she be happy about this or not?

‘…It’s a good thing, right?’

She has no idea how or by what means she met Jellyel personally, who is positioned at the highest level, so unreachable for ordinary people, and how she straightened out her personality. But it’s not a bad thing. Although she was in a powerful position in the original romance novel, where she relentlessly tormented Azrael, if she becomes an ally, she will be a strong supporter. But what is this? Instead of happiness, she feels uncomfortable and uneasy.

“It’s not a difficult request.”

The person who suddenly spoke was Ma Yu Seong, who had remained silent until now.

“Actually, I’ve talked to Baek Yu Seol about it a few times. She’s been interested in the Star Flower Tree exchange student program for a while now.”

“…Is that so?”

“What? Really?”

Jellyel and Full Flame simultaneously questioned him, and Ma Yu Seong awkwardly laughed, pushing his chair back slightly.

“Yeah, really. I don’t lie.”

Jellyel’s expression turned as if her thoughts had become complicated, but she tried not to show it and smiled.

“That’s… fortunate.”

“Huh? Fortunate?”

“…Nothing.”

She blurted out useless words again. Why am I always doing this today? She felt self-loathing at her own stupidity. Jellyel tried to cool her burning head and turned to Hae Won Ryang.

“And, can I ask for one more favor? This is not just a request, but a commission, so I’ll be giving you a generous reward.”

“…What kind of favor is it?”

This time, the atmosphere was different, so Hae Won Ryang and Feng Harang stiffened their expressions, and Jellyel slowly parted her lips.

“I’m looking for someone. A very special person who doesn’t exist anywhere in this continent.”
