The first-year students carefully finished their persona analysis and were about to start their strategy, but it became impossible because of Ryu Derik's words. "Something is coming." Ryu Derik and Ban Diyeon, who had already finished their analysis, slowly retreated. 'My analysis rate is about 79%.' This is a considerably high level of analysis power.  Even with an analysis rate of 50% or more, it is possible to receive the gate's 'guideline message,' which drastically increases the success rate. The second-year students, who had stepped back, didn't take their eyes off the first-year students. The majority of the analysis was halted due to a wave of magical power. However, as expected of the elite students in Class A, only three students continued analyzing while the rest divided their roles to monitor the surroundings. 'What's Baek Yuseol doing?' Ryu Derik frowned. 'Is she even doing the analysis? She's just been staring blankly at the air.' "Huh? That, that's…!"  At that moment, a student pointed their staff at the air and shouted.  Hihihing…! A bright blue translucent ghost crossed the road and disappeared somewhere. "A ghost…? " "Could this be a ghost hunt theme?" "I-I'm scared!" "Snap out of it! You've learned enough about how to deal with ghost-type monsters!" In magic school, students are taught how to deal with undead, skeletons, zombies, and other summons of necromancers, and even practice them to some extent. However, the ghost-type monsters that lack physical forms are rarely practiced because of technical limitations.  It is still unknown how these ghost-type monsters with spiritual abilities are generated, making them the natural enemy of wizards who must rely on mathematical calculations. In the distant past, it was said that Taoists and shamans hunted ghosts, but in the modern era, with ghosts almost entirely gone, Taoists and shamans disappeared too. So, whenever a ghost appears, the whole city is thrown into chaos.  Seeing the ghost-type creature, the students were terrified. But Ryu Derik scoffed from behind. 'Foolish freshmen. That's not the real deal.' Soon, the students who were analyzing noticed something and widened their eyes. "Wait! Hold on. This, this isn't a ghost hunt theme…"  Following that, a fox's cry echoed from afar. The students turned around and looked up at the sky. The pitch-black sky, a single giant full moon shining like a silver plate.  A nine-tailed fox was howling at the sky with its back against the moon. "Crazy, I thought it was a werewolf…" "It's a gumiho, worse than a wolf! Snap out of it!" "H-how do we deal with a gumiho?" "I don't know. But it's categorized as a monster, so we need to strengthen our mental fortitude." "A gumiho's cry has an effect that scatters mental fortitude. Focus!" Soon, the students who had finished their analysis stood up and waved magic formations in the air. The 'guideline message' appeared, revealing the true theme of this place. ［A Shadow Cast by the Wind］ ［The Kingdom of Wind is intertwined with countless myths and legends.］ ［Some stories are so famous everyone knows them.］ ［But some stories are unknown to anyone.］ ［There is one sad story here that no one knows.］ ［Please find the one story forgotten by the world and unravel its resentment.］  The students listened to the guideline message and stared blankly at the air with stunned expressions. "I-It's a legend…? " "Yes. It's a legend." Hong Biyeon, for the first time, joined in the students' conversation. "The entire capital of the Kingdom of Wind has been transformed into a legendary set.  The legend seems to be set by region.  The rooftop of that building over there is probably the Gumiho legend. You have to find the legend individually." "Wait. Individually? Isn't it dangerous?" "Dangerous? Moving together is even more dangerous. The longer we stay here, the more we are likely to be consumed by the persona.  The only solution is to finish it as quickly as possible." Ryu Derik nodded in agreement with her words. "That's right. The city is vast, so moving all together is inefficient. There are 12 of us, so let's work in teams of four." However, Hong Biyeon shook her head. "No.  We'll split into two groups of five.  I'll be with the commoner." "What? Wait!  Even though you're both strong, two people is dangerous." "That's right.  Besides, we don't even know the exact objective yet.  We should move together at least until we find the true ending…" When the students protested, Hong Biyeon made them shut their mouths by glaring at them. Her eyes were definitely a burning red color, hotter than the sun, but why did they feel colder than ice? "O-Okay."  "I don't know who the real Gumiho is…" "Shhh. Someone will hear you."  In the end, the students grumbled but divided themselves into three groups as Hong Biyeon instructed. "Ryu Derik, I'll follow Group 1.  Where are you going?"  Ban Diyeon pointed at the five students and asked.  Ryu Derik looked back and forth between Baek Yuseol and the other five. "I'll follow Baek Yuseol's team from behind.  It's better to support the group with fewer members." "Okay, then.  See you later."  At Ryu Derik's words, Hong Biyeon glared at him, but she didn't interfere with the decision of her senior.  In Stella, the relationship between seniors and juniors was a strict hierarchical system.  "Are you really going by yourselves?" "Yes.  Don't you like it?" Baek Yuseol looked at the other students with a worried expression.  It wasn't just because there were only two of them that she was worried.  She was worried about the other students.  "I wonder if they'll be okay." "Commoner." "Huh?" "They're not kids anymore.  You don't have to protect them forever, they're magic warriors in training." "Huh? I know that…"  Hong Biyeon walked without looking at Baek Yuseol's face, staring straight ahead. "Those kids, we, I.  You don't have to protect us.  I want you to remember that."  "Uh, uh… okay."  Hong Biyeon was so serious that Baek Yuseol couldn't answer playfully like usual and just mumbled. 'What's wrong?' Was it because of her tone or personality? It was always as if Hong Biyeon was in a low mood, 365 days a year, making it incredibly difficult to gauge her current mood. 'Well, she doesn't seem particularly upset…'  After observing Hong Biyeon for half a year, Baek Yuseol thought that she actually seemed quite happy right now. "I'm in a bad mood."  Apparently not. "What's wrong?" "That senior following us from behind."  Baek Yuseol glanced at Ryu Derik, who was following them about thirty steps behind. "He's an instructor.  He can't help it.  Besides, he's guarding the rear for us, isn't he? It's reassuring and nice."  True to his position as a second-year senior, Ryu Derik took out his staff and was secretly guarding the surroundings.  Baek Yuseol was quite grateful for his actions, as he was effectively protecting them from threats in the rear.  But it seemed like Hong Biyeon wasn't.  "It's just…"  She hesitated, biting her lip, trying to say something, unlike her usual self.  Suddenly, an eerie feeling arose, and she stopped walking.  "Wait."  Baek Yuseol pulled out her Therion Sword and emitted light.  A beautiful white sword hilt emerged, casting a soft glow on the surroundings.  Hong Biyeon added a white flame to the air, but suddenly a blue flame appeared, engulfing the white flame and disappearing.  "…"  Hong Biyeon bit her lip as her flame went out. "It's a will-o'-the-wisp.  It's a monster with a will of its own that's difficult to deal with.  It's best to avoid it and go around." At his words, Hong Biyeon nodded in agreement. "This way."  They left the road that ran through the city center and entered a narrow alleyway.  Then, translucent pumpkin-like objects began to float in the air, emitting an orange light in all directions.  "That's…" "Ignore it.  There's a pumpkin ghost nearby.  The small ones won't hurt people, so it's fine to pass by them." Baek Yuseol took Hong Biyeon's hand and pulled her along. "Wait…  Why are you rushing so much?" "It's dangerous if a big one appears.  Have you ever heard of the pumpkin-headed murderer 'Wally' ghost?" "…"  "He's the one who targets the neck with a sickle.  If you lose focus, you could die, so it's better to get out of here."  Baek Yuseol dragged Hong Biyeon without hesitation, and the alleyway disappeared.  A dark slum with shadows cast appeared.  "Let's figure out our direction here and move."  Baek Yuseol scanned the surroundings with his magpie glasses, but there was not a single place that seemed safe.  "Let's wait here for a bit, and when the legend moves, we'll move then."  "Hey, Princess?" "Ah, yes.  I'm listening."  Maybe Baek Yuseol had pulled her too forcefully, because Hong Biyeon was blankly rubbing the wrist that Baek Yuseol had grabbed.  "The legend is moving?" "It seems so.  It's moving within its own territory.  This is a pain.  I don't know what the target legend is, but it'll be difficult to find."  Baek Yuseol squinted and widened his field of vision while speaking casually.  Then, she asked.  "…"  "Commoner.  Have you been to this place before?"  "Huh? No.  Why would I?"  "But how do you know so much?" "I did a persona analysis."  "…"  Hong Biyeon had also done a persona analysis.  It just wasn't as visible as Baek Yuseol's. 'Where in the world is it?'  The magpie glasses were continuously detecting the presence of the spirit's talisman, but she couldn't find its exact location. "Let's move over there for now.  A gap just opened up."  Baek Yuseol had already finished his persona analysis and had a grasp of how to approach it, but finding the talisman was a top priority for Baek Yuseol. 'Without that, I can't turn Anella back into human.'  Since no one was watching anyway, Baek Yuseol moved quickly, quickly, quickly, without hesitation.  He skipped over unnecessary legends, instantly found shortcuts and traversed them, and ignored dangerous legends, choosing to ignore them.  "Wait, you're rushing too much, aren't you?"  "Why?"  "You didn't even check the story properly."  "This is the Peach Blossom Spring Legend.  The story of a sister and brother who drowned in a pond and turned into resentful spirits…" "…"  "Not that kind of thing."  Hong Biyeon bit her lip slightly, as if she was forced to say something she didn't want to say.  "Just, slow down a bit. Let's move carefully.  It's okay."  At her words, Baek Yuseol felt a strange feeling.  For Hong Biyeon, who is obsessed with grades and scores, it would be better for her to take shortcuts and reach the destination quickly.  If she cleared the persona gate quickly, she would even receive extra points.  For such a person, the words "carefully" and "slowly" didn't really suit her.  That's why he wondered.  "There's no harm in rushing.  Just trust me, nothing dangerous will happen. You know that."  Baek Yuseol had already shown many things to Hong Biyeon, so he no longer had any intention of hiding his knowledge, such as his magpie glasses.  He trusted her, and she trusted him.  All she had to do was trust and follow him.  He was confident that he could give her anything she wanted.  "…"  "There's no reason."  "What?  Then isn't it better to be fast?"  "No. You don't know anything."  Hong Biyeon said that and stiffened her expression…  That look was very unfamiliar, so Baek Yuseol was speechless.  As if she was dejected, as if her energy was drained.  The look was completely different from her confident look earlier.  Baek Yuseol had no choice but to approach her and say, "Okay.  Let's go slowly.  Carefully."  "If there's a stone bridge, let's tap on it. If there's a door, let's knock."  At that, Hong Biyeon gave Baek Yuseol a bewildered look.  "There's no need to go that far."  But her expression seemed much better than before.  Her face was radiating a bright and cheerful aura.  It was strange.  In the past, her expression had always been the same, as if she was wearing a mask, making it difficult to tell what she was feeling. But now, she could easily tell how she felt just from the atmosphere emanating from her face.  "Let's go.  Slowly, carefully."  
