## Chapter 281 - Shadow Cast by the Wind (2)

Meanwhile, Ryu Derek, who had been following Baek Yuseol and Hong Biyeon, hid his presence behind them and couldn't help but show a slightly surprised expression. 

“What’s so fast?” If they were ordinary first-year students, they would normally waste time encountering monsters or beasts within their Personas, or getting caught in extra storylines along the way. However, Baek Yuseol was clearing all the myths and legends he encountered in the shortest possible time, or finding shortcuts to ignore them completely. His speed was so fast that it was as if he would be lost if he didn't chase him at full speed with his eyes wide open. 

‘As rumored, he’s definitely crazy.’ He had already heard through rumors that Baek Yuseol was an exceptionally outstanding first-year student. But he didn't know it would be to this extent. He was only able to realize how insane Baek Yuseol's history was after seeing it with his own eyes. He wanted to give Baek Yuseol “a little help” as a senior whenever he had a chance, but he was quite displeased with this situation where he didn’t need it at all. 

‘No. It's alright for now.’ He stared into the void and looked at the guideline message. 
［The Tale of a Certain Yokai］ 
It was certain. Baek Yuseol hadn’t even gotten close to that story yet. It was questionable if he had even finished the phenomenon analysis properly. 

‘The myths and legends that occur here are related to their respective locations.’ For example, let's say there's a rumor of a ghost wearing a red mask in the city. Can that rumor be transferred to a forest or countryside? It’s impossible. Unless it's a few myths that aren't tied to specific locations, most stories revolve around specific places. In other words, Baek Yuseol had to find a ‘slum’ instead of this urban area in order to find the myth to clear the Persona Gate.

‘This story… is presumed to have occurred in a backwater area.’ Ryu Derek slowly read the forgotten story written in the guideline message. Even though it hadn't been fully translated yet and a few characters were missing, it wasn't a problem at all to read. 

‘Baek Yuseol. You couldn't have analyzed this far, could you?’ It was impossible. The Ryu family was the successor of the Ryu family that had conquered the 9 Risk Persona Gate for a whopping 20 years. It could be said that they were masters of Persona analysis, so even if Baek Yuseol was outstanding, he wouldn’t be able to have a better formula than him. Moreover, compared to Hong Biyeon, who was called a genius, and Ban Diyeon, who still hadn’t taken out their guideline messages, he had already fully understood the ending. 

‘Let him wander around more, Baek Yuseol.’ So that this senior can help him. 

‘Well, why is he suddenly slowing down?’ Baek Yuseol, who had been rushing until just now, was somehow slowing down and walking side by side with Hong Biyeon, leisurely breaking through the gate. No, actually, it wasn’t leisurely. If before he felt like he was forcefully passing through the story precariously, now he felt like he was conquering it in the most stable and perfect way. 

*…He’s definitely amazing.* Is it because Ryu Derek was a cautious scholar that he found Baek Yuseol even more frightening now than before? 

‘But waiting is boring.’ Seeing them face to face with Hong Biyeon and pondering something together, he somehow felt jealous. Perhaps it was because Princess Hong Biyeon was a great beauty. 

‘Waiting is boring… ’ Ryu Derek forcefully turned his gaze away from Baek Yuseol and read the guideline message. He hadn’t fully confirmed it because he was chasing Baek Yuseol, but now that he had some time, he could read it all. 

［In the season when flames bloom, there was a child in that village.］ 
［The child, whose terrifying form was unknown whether it was human or monster, in the village…］ 

…When Anella opened her eyes again, she was in a forest where the cold wind blew. To be exact, she wasn't just thrown in the forest. It was a pile of planks that she had tried to make it look as much like a hut as possible, but ended up completely failing, which was her bed. 

“〇 으…グ” 
Anella, who got up holding her head, looked at the pile of planks with bewildered eyes. 

“You call this a house…?” 
This plank house, which looked as if a child had assembled it clumsily, was barely enough to shelter from the wind, she thought. However, what was even more peculiar was that the plank house was filled with necessities and trash. In other words, someone who lived here had lived in this trash house for a considerable amount of time. 

“Who lives in this kind of…?” As she said that, she realized that her own situation was not much different from the owner of this plank house. Anella was the one who was living in a dilapidated country where she had to make a holey roof that could barely shelter from the wind and rain her home. 

‘That's enough… Where is this?’ 
She searched her memory for the last time. A pitch black sky. The witch king. The stolen talisman. ‘And… did I jump off?’ 
From then on, her mind became hazy and she couldn't remember anything. 

Anella, who slowly got up, walked along the forest path. The pitch black sky was bright like a lie. The autumn sky is high, they say. She was just starting to understand those words from adults that she didn’t know when she was a child. 

“Ouch, I’m tired.” 
The forest path was rough and there were hardly any traces of people walking, so it took a while to go down. She was wondering who would actually think of building a plank house in such a place. After walking for about two hours, Anella met a country's unpaved gravel road and walked along it with a happy expression. 

A stream flowed beside it, and rice plants were bowing their heads in the paddy fields. It was a peaceful village. It felt like the sound of sparrows chirping was like singing. 

“Huh?” 
There was someone nearby. An old lady was picking up fruit that had fallen, and Anella couldn’t pass by without hurrying towards her. 

“Grandma, I’ll help you.” 
She reached out to put the fruit in the basket, but suddenly, the old lady threw a potato at her head. 

Puck! 

“Kek!” 

“This, this monster, how dare you come here!” 

“Yes, yes…?” 

“Get out of here right now!” 
She then stepped on the fruit that Anella was holding with her shoe and crushed it. 

“It's disgusting! It’s disgusting!” 
Puck! Puck! Puck! Puck! She was neither stepping on Anella nor the fruit that Anella was holding, but was crushing all the fruit that Anella was holding. Still, somehow, she felt as if her heart was exploding like that fruit. 

“Why, why…?” 

“You’re not even human, how dare you pretend to be human! Get out!” 
As the old lady yelled, people from all over the village gathered and each ran towards this place with pickaxes, shovels and other tools. 

“The monster has come down!!” 
“Drive her out right now!” 

“Wait, I’m not a monster…!” 
Anella, who was about to say that, couldn't speak anymore. 

‘Not?’ Really? Anella is not a human, but a Black Mage. The word “monster”… it’s not accurate, but it’s not wrong either. It was impossible to deny. 

“Get out! Right now!” 

“Get out of the village!” 
Puck! Pow! As she got hit with stones, potatoes, fruit, and eggs, Anella ran away from that place at full speed without looking back. Even though the villagers’ shouts could no longer be heard, she didn’t stop. She ran for a long time. By the time she was completely exhausted, when her superhuman physical abilities made her breathless, her sky was yellow and the world was spinning, she was forced to stop because of her physical limitations. 

Thud! 
Anella, who had collapsed on the ground, struggled to wriggle her body and lay on her back in a “大” shape, looking up at the sky. 

“Hehehe… 
A senseless laughter escaped her lips. 

“It’s pretty… The stars twinkle in the sky.” She ran for a long time, indeed. She raised one hand to cover her eyes and shook her head from side to side. 

‘That’s right, I’m not human.’ She had been using Black Mage control techniques to hide her identity as a Black Mage and blend into human society. Originally, she wouldn’t have been able to even get close to humans. This is normal. Being despised by humans, being an object of fear, such a disgusting existence. 

“Haah… ” 
There was no need to be discouraged now. She didn’t know why her Black Mage suppression technique was released, but wasn’t she already accepting this? 

“Hoo, let's go back.” 
Anyway, her mission was over. She also found out about the witch’s whereabouts and survived, so this mission was a success, wasn’t it? 
Thinking that, Anella got up from her seat and trudged along the gravel road. Walk, and walk again. 
When the sun rose again. 

“…Eh?” 
When she came to her senses, she was back in the village. 

“Mo, Monster……T” 
About ten villagers were staring at her. At first, they looked like Stella’s school uniform wearing teenagers, but they returned to their appearance as farmers in their 30s and 40s as if it was a mistake. 

Anella flinched and took a step back. The farmers were startled and exclaimed. 

“What, what is that? It’s a monster.” 
“What should we do? Kill it?” 
“It’s too hideous… We, we have to fight, right?” 
“It’s definitely that forgotten myth…?” 
“I, I don’t know! Let’s attack first!” 
The farmers instantly pointed their tools like pickaxes and sickles at Anella and fired flames and ice spikes. 

Whoosh!! Bang!! 
Why is magic coming out of farming tools? Anella had no time to question that anymore. 
Although she was hated by humans, she didn’t want to hurt humans, so she just turned around and ran away frantically, and the villagers chased after her. 

“Hey! The monster’s running away!” 
“Chase it and kill it!” 
“Crazy! It’s too fast!” 
“No!” 
Anella, who ran away again at full speed with her physical abilities that were incomparable to humans, arrived in front of a spring in a forest and collapsed. 

“Haak, haa… ” 
Anella, burying her face in the sand, forced herself to breathe heavily. What was so scary that she ran away? Yes, Anella was scared. Was she scared of the human’s attack? That’s ridiculous. That’s just a tickle. She won’t die from being hit by something like a farming tool. But… she was so afraid of being hated. So afraid that her knees buckled. Afraid to the point of tears. Afraid to the point of her heart bursting. 

——1 • 
Anella wasn't so weak that she could be injured from the impact of falling, but somehow she was afraid to get up again. Even though she knew that if she didn't get up, she wouldn't be able to get up forever, she couldn't muster the strength in her body. 

‘I, I, why…?’ 
Why did I have to go through this? 

‘Because I’m a Black Mage…?’ 
Anella laughed self-deprecatingly. 

‘Ah, yes.’ I am naturally hated. I’m not human. I can't be human. 

‘This… in the end, is my destiny.’ 
Anella closed her eyes, facing the chilly night wind that made even her soul cold. The starlight could no longer be seen. 
