The relationship between humans and Black Mages is a one-way street. This is a matter of fate, and it is not a difficult sentence to understand. 'Humans can become Black Mages, but Black Mages cannot become humans.' It was a very straightforward proposition, and also an immutable law. The word 'human' encompasses most of the races in this world. Elves, beastmen, dwarves, all beings with intelligence and the ability to use magic, who possess emotions and reason. Any being with the ability to use magic, even if it is a squirrel or a dog, can make a contract with the Otherworld and offer their heart to dye their mana black. In exchange for their heart, the mage gains power and knowledge beyond their abilities, and can also become familiar with the unknown world and understand it. There is a famous story about a mage who was studying Persona Gates, but couldn't resist his curiosity and made a contract with a powerful Persona, but couldn't withstand it, and lost all his knowledge, magic, and reason. However, in gaining powerful strength, mages don't just offer their heart. They often offer their emotions and reason as well, and not only can they no longer live as humans, they are also subject to the restriction that they must consume the heart of their 'species before becoming a Black Mage' in order to survive. An elf-born Black Mage must consume an elf's heart, a human-born Black Mage must consume a human heart. There are extremely rare exceptions. With a 0.000001% chance, a child born between a Black Mage and a different species can survive without consuming a heart, and even inherit both the Black Mage's and the human's abilities. However, the above story is just a legend that no one has actually witnessed. Because Black Mages are incapable of procreation. And even if such a being existed, it would die at birth. Black Mages do not want to bring into their society weak Black Mages who have procreated with humans. That's the species' characteristic.

The Witch King. Or the Seasonal Shaman. Or the Worst Witch. Or the Green Tower Master's Teacher. Or……'Scarlet Maiden'. With milk-white hair and golden eyes, she had a name that didn't suit her appearance at all, but she slowly chewed over and searched through the knowledge stored in her head. All species have 'species characteristics'. Elves prefer vegetarianism, dwarves are good at crafts, and humans must live in groups. But this is not absolute, and it varies depending on the individual. For example, in the past century, a peculiar elf who liked to eat meat has led many young elves to enjoy meat, and some dwarves who have not honed their skills at all are terrible at crafts but are obsessed with magic, and some humans are confined to their homes and have no social life. Species characteristics can change at any time depending on the situation and personal preferences. However, there is one thing that doesn't change. The 'fate of the species' doesn't change. The Mauro tribe was born with the genius characteristic of having a mana of at least 3 classes. However, this characteristic has a drawback. They can never reach the level of 8 classes or higher, and if they fail to reach 7 classes by the age of 50, they will be oxidized by their mana and disperse into the air. Because the Mauro tribe had the power of 3 classes at birth, they flourished for a time, but as time went on, the number of those who reached 7 classes gradually decreased, and eventually they became extinct 500 years ago. Now, only traces of their civilization remain. That is the fate of the species. It is an immutable law that no life on earth can ever change, no matter what they do. -…… What is happening? Scarlet couldn't even think about settling her hair that stood up like fluff as she watched Annel. *Thud thud!* "What, what!?" "Wait, wait……" The first-year students of Stella, who had taken on the appearance of villagers, stumbled backward, dropping even their wands. Were they scared? Half true, half false. "It was……human……." As the monstrous black liquid mass surrounding Annel peeled away, the appearance of a sweet and cute girl hidden inside began to be revealed. -Impossible…… The magic Scarlet had used on them wasn't anything special. She had cast a 'suggestion' on Annel's eyes to make her look like Stella's students, and inserted a talisman of white snow into her heart to show only her 'true form'. In other words, she used Black Mage Control Magic to suppress Annel's hidden Black Mage form, making it impossible for them to hide it any longer. Stella's students, who had never seen the true form of a Black Mage, simply thought Annel was a monster and naturally tried to kill her. But. The monstrous appearance of the Black Mage was shattering and dispersing. Hair stuck to her cheeks with sweat, delicate and cute features. Anyone would praise Annel's angelic appearance as beautiful, and when she appeared from the monstrous form, the effect was multiplied several times, instantly making Stella's students lose their will to fight. - My magic, is it being undone? No. It's not. Scarlet shook her head. Her perfect spell will never be undone. It's just that Annel's 'true form' is truly being peeled away…… from a monstrous Black Mage to a human form. -It can't be. Something is wrong. A Black Mage's true form cannot take on a human form. It's just. Impossible. That's how the world is set up. *Crack!* A loud, sharp sound echoed in the witch's ears. It's not the kind of play on words that means the strings of reason are broken. The billions of cogs that make up the laws of this world. One of the countless cogs that interlock to create a story collapsed. It was a very small law. Important laws like 'water flows from high to low' or 'the world will be destroyed in 10 years' have not changed. However, the very small law that 'Black Mages cannot become human' has shattered, falling from the yoke that makes up the world.  -Ha, haha… Scarlet dropped her broom and covered her mouth with both hands, laughing. A chill ran down her spine. She also felt a sense of her head being blown open. -Really, could just one human twist fate……? Even 9-class mages, the Twelve Moons, the Beast Spirits, the Dragon, even the Ancestor Mage couldn't do that. Yet, just one boy not only played tricks on fate, he even shattered a law completely. -Where is that child……? Scarlet belatedly found Bai Yuesue's location. It seemed he had just arrived in the village, walking down a nearby secluded path with Hong Biyan. -So you're here…… finally…? Bai Yuesue must have checked the guide message. He could have come here from the beginning if he had wanted to. Scarlet had expected that. Yes, surely Bai Yuesue was moving in a hurry at first.  She had thought that at his speed, he would arrive in at least 3 hours. But what do you know, even when the other first-year students arrived, Bai Yuesue didn't show up, and it wasn't until after the event was over and Annel became human that he arrived here. At that moment, Scarlet felt numb. -Could it be, he knew about my existence all along……? She had prepared a small stage to test Bai Yuesue. It's this Persona Gate. But, the boy didn't move according to Scarlet's intentions, and he moved slowly and leisurely, arriving only after everything was over. As if…… to mock Scarlet's intentions. -You knew this would happen from the beginning, Bai Yuesue. A dry laugh escaped her lips. Having lived as a witch for hundreds of years and been able to manipulate even 9-class mages like puppets, the situation where someone was escaping from her chessboard and running around at will was extremely shocking and unfamiliar to her. "What's going on?" "……It's the other students." Bai Yuesue and Hong Biyan finally joined the place where the 10 students gathered, and for the first time he saw Annel, he widened his eyes in shock. "Annel? Why is she here?" He ran over to Annel in a hurry, cut off the magic binding her with his sword, hugged her, and felt her pulse, finding that she was barely alive. The other students were shocked at Bai Yuesue's reaction, asking. "Bai, Bai Yuesue. Do you know her?" "Yeah…… I know her. She was an exchange student over the summer." "What?" "Crazy, why is a real person in the Persona Gate?" "There was definitely no one else when we entered, how……."  Apart from the other students being surprised, Bai Yuesue was shocked for a different reason. 'What is this……?, her appearance hadn't changed at all, only her Black Magic had disappeared, and Annel's condition had completely changed into a human. It wasn't time yet. The process of restoring Annel to human form was arduous, and she had to spend a lot of time preparing. For now, she was so busy that she couldn't spare any time for her. While Bai Yuesue didn't do anything, Annel, the person, had returned to her human form on her own. *……Could this be a butterfly effect too?* As he stared blankly at Annel's cheek, her eyebrows twitched and her eyes fluttered open. "……Ah." A faint smile spread across Annel's lips. "Hello……." "Now, now. Don't talk, just wait." While Bai Yuesue looked for a cure, she lost her strength again and fainted.  Unable to stand it any longer, someone behind him patted his arm. "Commoner, move aside." "Huh? Why……?" "Emergency treatment kit." "Ah." When Hong Biyan picked up a snow-white first-aid box, Bai Yuesue spread a recovery-enabled Care Blanket on the floor and laid Annel down on it.  Then, when Hong Biyan began to treat her, not only the other students but even Ban Diyan, who had been watching quietly from behind, rushed to treat Annel. Fortunately, she had no fatal injuries. She had lost a lot of blood, but she was at a level where she could recover completely. As the students who had finished treating Annel wiped the sweat from their brows and stood up, a guide message for the Persona Gate floated in the air. ［The girl who wanted to be human had many nights of crying alone in the forest because of her monstrous appearance.］
[The girl longed for the love of the villagers in order to become human, but she received only abuse and hatred.］
[In the end, the girl, unable to fulfill her dreams, died in a frozen winter night, covered in fallen leaves and snow, where no one knew… .］
That was the original story. I successfully cleared it by adapting it into a happy story! 
[The girl who achieved her dream of becoming human, may she be happy in that world.]
The sky grew dark, and the space began to fade away. The complete closure of the Persona Gate. They had successfully cleared the Persona of 3 Risks. Bai Yuesue met Hong Biyan's eyes and awkwardly smiled. "In the end, we were too relaxed and couldn't do anything." "……Sorry." "There's no need to apologize. We had fun though, right?" Bai Yuesue shrugged and grinned, as if nothing had happened, and Hong Biyan nodded with a smile. In the end, she couldn't say 'me too' and swallowed it down. Not yet……. She didn't have the courage. "Let's go back." As they watched Bai Yuesue walk out of the Persona Gate with Annel in his arms, the witch lamented her own fading form along with the world. -Ah〜 Is this the end for me this time? I was able to move by summoning a phantom duplicate because the main body can't move, but I used up all my mana because I was so busy creating a small Persona Gate and playing tricks on the talisman. 
-I'll go back today and come again next time〜 The witch smiled brightly and looked at Bai Yuesue's back as he walked away with Annel in his arms. -The one who can change fate. If he can change not only small fate but also great fate.
- ……I like him even more. And then, the witch disappeared completely along with the Persona Gate. 
