The Garden of the Spirit Yiphanel was always filled with silence, with only her breathing filling the space. It was a forbidden area where the entry of life was not allowed. She had spent countless years alone in this place. Her own world. A place where no one came, where no one could come. It was not cozy but rather cold and desolate.

Yiphanel remembered the moment she was born. It was a special point that distinguished her from other living beings.

"Well done, little tree."

When she first opened her eyes and greeted the world, there was someone who welcomed her. He was a magician in a pure white robe. Yiphanel was very young and unaware of her divine nature, just a tree imbued with sacred energy in ancient times. The magician, who existed in those distant ancient times, called her in a gentle voice. However, no matter how hard she tried to recall, his face was shrouded in shadows and could not be seen clearly.

"…Who are you?"

Yiphanel, in her current state, asked with effort, but trying to converse with a memory was inherently nonsensical. Nevertheless, miraculously, he answered.

"I am… a wandering adventurer. Recently, I have been called a magician. It's a rather unfamiliar title."

Yiphanel's heart sank. The magician in the white robe looked up at the sky and twisted his lips.

"It's time to leave. I hope you have good dreams under the warm sunlight, little tree."

After saying that, the magician turned around and disappeared, and the memory ended there. The flow of memories did not stop there but quickly fast-forwarded through Yiphanel's growth. It was an event from a very long time ago, or perhaps it could be said to be recent. The memory of the day Yiphanel became a spirit.

Unfortunately… on the very day she awakened as a spirit, the barrier weakened, allowing a woman to slip through. She remembered.

"Oh my, how lucky~"

Had she been in perfect condition, she could have easily subdued the woman with the power of a divine beast. However, the problem was that she encountered her during the process of completely shedding her physical body and purifying her soul to awaken as a spirit. Yiphanel could do nothing. She was powerless, unable to resist, and had her heart stolen. That loss… no one could understand.

Because she was born a plant, Yiphanel could not move a single step from this garden, and listening to the occasional visits and stories of Hataeryeong and Kkotseorin was her only joy in life. She dreamed. One day, she would move on her own legs and go out into the world. To roam this vast and beautiful world and be free.

When Hataeryeong, tired from his adventures, occasionally visited, he would tell her his grand adventure stories.

"Hey, look how amazing I am!"

Kkotseorin, who was also a loner like Yiphanel, would bring books about events and stories from the outside world and tell them to her like fairy tales.

"Once upon a time, there was a little princess. The princess…"

When they visited, Yiphanel was happy. She loved the feeling of filling the empty space in her heart. But it was not enough. It was far from enough. This was… a longing for freedom. She did not want to be satisfied with just hearing stories. She wanted to walk out into the world on her own two feet and face the sky directly. To achieve that… there was only one way. To awaken as a spirit with a noble soul.

For tens, hundreds of years, she lived with only one goal. She meditated and trained repeatedly, focusing solely on becoming a spirit. In the process, her body became younger, and to prevent her mind from collapsing, her mental age reverted to that of a child, but she did not care. As long as she could fly freely under the moonlit sky, it was okay to lose everything.

She did not know then. That she would really lose everything.

"I'll make good use of this~"

Hundreds of years passed after her heart was stolen. Her chest was empty, with no energy flowing through it, and she could do nothing in her hollow state. However… she could still think. Yiphanel lived for hundreds of years with the mental age of a child, constantly yearning. A savior? A hero? A heart? A soul? She did not wish for much. She just needed someone to talk to, to ease her loneliness.

"Poor child."

After a very long time, when Yiphanel regained her sense of self, she met Kkotseorin again. She had a sad expression. She might have been in despair due to the helplessness of being unable to do anything. Yiphanel shouted.

"Don't go. I'm here."

But Kkotseorin could not hear Yiphanel's voice.

"I will definitely save you…"

Kkotseorin left with a sad expression, and her visits became rare. The last time she saw her, she felt that Kkotseorin's "blessing" had deepened… perhaps that was the reason. Little Yiphanel did not know. Another few decades passed. When even the feeling of loneliness had dulled, someone came.

"This is a perfect place for some ironwork."

It was Baek Yuseol. At that time, Yiphanel desperately called out to him after a long time of opening her eyes, but…

"One million twenty-one! One million twenty-two!"

He did not hear her. Moreover, she did not understand why he shouted "one million twenty-one" when he had only done twenty-one push-ups. He was engrossed in his training, and the longer it went on, the more he became assimilated into this space. The energy that had been scattered by Yiphanel's breath for many years began to engulf Baek Yuseol. If he had been an ordinary magician, it would have been impossible. It was a very bad omen, but… it was a stroke of luck for Yiphanel.

"What are you doing here? Can't you hear my voice? Can you hear me? Can't you hear me? You can hear me but are ignoring me?"

"Ah! What the heck, you scared me!"

He heard her voice. At that moment, Yiphanel felt a sensation as if her heart, which she had already lost, was trembling, no, about to burst. Her chest swelled, and a thrilling, indescribable emotion surged through her entire body. She felt happier than the moment she awakened as a spirit. Yiphanel instinctively knew. The boy in front of her was kind. He had a soul similar to hers.

"How much will you give me?"

"Huh?"

"Just kidding."

…Of course, he had a rather mischievous side, but he still granted her request. A heart. He brought her a heart. Although it was absurdly weak and small compared to the heart she originally had…

"Ah."

Because of it, she could breathe again. She could open her eyes. She could speak. And once again, she could harbor hope. Although it was very small and fragile, having a vessel meant she was given another chance to awaken as a spirit someday.

"…Thank you."

Yiphanel was not good at expressing emotions due to her very few interactions, but that single word of thanks was filled with an overwhelming emotion that could not be expressed with the limited human language system. Yes. This is what hope feels like, Yiphanel felt for the first time that day.

"Oh my, it's been a while? Nice to see you again? Huh?"

…Until that woman reappeared. Yiphanel instinctively knew. The woman was trying to use the same method she had used on her hundreds of years ago. Now, weakened and having lost all her power, she could not resist her. Desperately, she called out to Baek Yuseol, but the thick mental barrier between them made it impossible. However, Yiphanel was not so weak as to fall for the same trick again. Although she had lost all her power and could do nothing, she was a wise spirit who had lived for hundreds of years.

"Oh, oh my?"

Yiphanel chose to corrupt herself. The process of defiling her noble soul with her own hands was extremely painful, but she thought it was better than having everything taken away by that woman again. As expected, the woman could do nothing to the self-corrupted Yiphanel. She expressed her anger, grinding her teeth, but there was nothing she could do. The corrupted Yiphanel had a higher level of dark magic than the woman.

"Just wait… I'll come back and devour you."

Her words sounded very scary. Around this time, Yiphanel realized. The energy of the woman who had interfered with her heart had become so faint that it was hard to recognize. She must have been defeated by someone. Yiphanel slowly opened her eyes. A tear, resembling dew, rolled down from her eyes. She had not intended this. She had no idea that her corruption would pollute the World Tree and cause it pain. The World Tree was still screaming in pain because of her, and Yiphanel's heart grew heavier.

"I must return… If I stay like this, I will never be able to face that boy again. I cannot continue to cause the World Tree pain. I must return to where I originally was."

The strong will engraved in Yiphanel's heart began to shine slowly.

Saaaaa…!!

The purple mist that filled the garden began to turn green and thin out. The speed was very slow, but it was undoubtedly a purification phenomenon. If Baek Yuseol had seen it, he would have said, "This is like a human air purifier," and if Aizel had seen it, he would have said, "This is a phenomenon of magical crystal disintegration. It's a very beautiful phenomenon." Yiphanel, not knowing the technical terms, was unaware of how great her actions were. A divine beast that purifies dark magic on its own and exchanges it for sacred energy… It was perhaps the most mysterious sight in the history of the magical world.

"…Is this what a noble soul is? To witness such a sight with my own eyes, I am indeed fortunate."

Startled! At that moment, Yiphanel was startled by the voice and opened her eyes. At some point… a person had entered the garden. No, to be precise, it was a dark magician. His spiky hair and tattered clothes made him look like a beggar, but he exuded a very strong dark magic.

"Whoa, don't be alarmed. I have no intention of tormenting a divine beast. Rather, I prefer to take care of them. Although they all run away when they sense my energy."

Cheolribeon, looking very tired, frowned and dropped something he was carrying on his shoulder to the ground.

"Ugh… It was her. The one who stole my heart. She was in a terrible state, her body torn to shreds, trembling all over, unable to stand properly. Cheolribeon kicked her hard, rolling her over, and then plunged his hand into her chest.

Pook!

"Ugh, ack…!"

Cheolribeon, covering her mouth as she vomited blood, frowned in annoyance and pulled something out of her chest. It was… a large and beautiful pearl, so big that it was hard to believe it had been inside a dark magician's chest. A pearl the size of a palm, emitting a rainbow-colored aurora from various angles when it caught the sunlight.

"The heart of a spirit… This is my first time seeing it in person."

Yiphanel looked at Cheolribeon with calm eyes.

"It's your heart. …Seeing that you are not excited even after seeing this, you truly are a spirit."

He carefully approached Yiphanel and placed the pearl at her feet.

"It was already heavily tainted. Given the time that has passed, it can't be helped. It's a pity. But a spirit like you should be able to purify it and make it yours again."

After saying that, Cheolribeon turned around and picked up the woman again.

"…Why?"

When Yiphanel asked in a puzzled voice, Cheolribeon paused for a moment, then turned around and met her eyes.

"I didn't originally intend to return it, but…"

His sharp eyes seemed to pierce through her soul. Yiphanel met his gaze without blinking even once.

"I felt the boy's energy strongly from you. Baek Yuseol, was it?"

When she heard his name, Yiphanel's expression changed for the first time.

"…It seems I misunderstood something. It was an unnecessary fight. I almost made a huge mistake."

He had thought that Baek Yuseol was the one controlling Soya. But after fighting him and mixing their magic, he realized. The very kind and pure passion he felt from him. It was not a soul that an evil person could possess.

"Baek Yuseol… fought desperately for you. Even knowing he might die."

But he did not die. At that time, I respected his life. It was probably one of the few 'right choices' Cheolribeon had made in his hundreds of years of life.

"This heart belongs to Baek Yuseol."

Cheolribeon withdrew his sharp gaze towards Yiphanel and gave a light smile.

"You have a very good connection. I'm envious."

After saying that, Cheolribeon disappeared. Yiphanel lowered her head and looked at her heart, which sparkled like a rainbow.

"Baek Yuseol's share…"

The pearl floated up and flew to Yiphanel, landing in her hands. She held it dearly and closed her eyes. It felt as if someone's warmth, which she could not feel, was being transmitted to this place.

"And… my share…"

Her soft, pink lips curved into a blooming smile. The wind blew. It was a very strong typhoon. A gentle whirlpool arose in Yiphanel's chest, and a dizzying sensation that seemed to blow her mind wrapped around her soul. She embraced her heart and savored this emotion. Until the day ended, for a long time.