A warm afternoon bathed in sunlight. Sa Yeran Orkan found herself enjoying a tea time with the princess she served, Hong Sihwa Adollebit, at the Stella Sky Balcony Cafe. This wasn't a frequent occurrence. While Hong Sihwa had a certain amount of influence over Stella, she had many external affairs to attend to, leaving Sa Yeran to handle most of the internal matters.

“How was it?”

A sudden question. Hong Sihwa, who had been focused on her documents while elegantly sipping tea with one hand, finally spoke after 30 minutes. Sa Yeran contemplated for a moment before answering as always.

“A method befitting a princess.”

“Ha ha, not that. I’m asking for your opinion. Did it disgust you? Did you come to dislike me?”

“….No.”

How dare she use the word "disgusting" to describe her master. Even knowing that, could Sa Yeran use the adorable word "mischievous" to describe Hong Sihwa who would ask such a question?

“Well, let me rephrase the question. How was my little sister? Hmm? What was her reaction?”

With twinkling eyes full of curiosity, like a child, she propped her chin on both hands and asked. What in the world was the princess thinking?

“She was simply... indifferent. Is Hong Biyeon’s reaction important?”

“Yes. Very important. I deliberately revealed my secret to her.”

“It’s true I thought it was a sensitive secret…,”

“No. You don’t know anything. It's not that kind of secret.”

“….Yes?”

Isaac Morph’s body, sealed in the altar. That wasn’t all that Hong Sihwa was hiding?

“You may not know, but she may have figured it out. She’s a smart kid.”

“….Is that so?”

“Yes. Did you feel ignored?”

“No.”

“Don’t worry. If you hadn’t been there, I wouldn’t be where I am now. I can’t imagine a life without you, so don't worry.”

It was a very long time ago. When Sa Yeran had just learned to read and started learning about etiquette. Her parents introduced her to Princess Hong Sihwa for the first time. At that time, she only heard that the princess was preparing to enter the Stella Academy, and Sa Yeran had looked forward to it with shining eyes. She was too young to understand it completely, but she knew that Stella Academy was a place where only the world's best elite magicians could enroll.

However, when she actually met the princess, Sa Yeran felt a bit… chilling. Empty eyes, devoid of soul. Dead gaze. Every empty movement felt as if she was living in another place, not this world. Sa Yeran’s heart ached as if it were being torn apart.

‘Such brilliance and beauty, yet unable to shine from within.’

Even though she had been assigned to serve the princess by her parents, Sa Yeran had made up her mind then. She would definitely bring the princess back.

… She didn’t know back then what meaning her decision would hold.

“I’ll go back now. You two should try to get along!”

I don’t know why she says that when she knows better than anyone else that it’s impossible.

After Hong Sihwa left, Sa Yeran stared blankly at the tea she had been drinking.

‘Princess Hong Biyeon…’

The ‘Purification Ceremony’ that took place last weekend. It was a strange experience, even for Sa Yeran, and a dreadful one. Hong Biyeon, who must have felt the most disgusted, finished the purification ceremony calmly without showing any sign of it and gracefully turned to leave. It was only natural that the nobles of the Hong Sihwa faction were disappointed. They had imagined a young princess being horrified by the truth she came to uncover, but from beginning to end, she gracefully played her role perfectly and coolly disappeared. It was quiet but impressive.

And there’s one thing, a question.

‘The Restriction.’

At that time, Hong Biyeon seemed to be suffering greatly from the side effects of the restriction. However, knowing Hong Biyeon's personality, she would definitely have rejected the restriction. Would her proud personality have accepted the restriction made by the Queen and Hong Sihwa? Tariban must have thought that Hong Biyeon couldn't deceive his eyes and readily dismissed his suspicions. However, Sa Yeran, who lacked the ability to discern magic, was even more suspicious of her.

‘She must have done something.’

It’s an absurd thought. It’s impossible for a girl of seventeen to dare to resist the restriction magic created by Queen Hong Seriu.

Sa Yeran Orkan sees the world realistically and thinks calculatively. Despite that, the feeling she had in Hong Biyeon’s eyes at that moment… was it simply a matter of feeling?

At that time, Sa Yeran had wanted to point out Hong Biyeon. One word to Tariban, doubting whether the restriction had been properly imposed on Princess Hong Biyeon, asking him to go back and scan her. Maybe then, she could have uncovered the truth.

But she didn't. Strangely, she couldn't. She couldn’t attack Princess Hong Biyeon. She had never hesitated in her entire life. What was the reason?

Thinking back, this was the first time she had met someone face to face and talked. They had only attacked each other from afar. How many more times had they faced each other personally?

Clang-!

She closed her eyes quietly, stroking the teacup the princess had been drinking.

The secrets of Morph Forest were too dreadful and disgusting even for Sa Yeran’s cold and emotionless nature to comprehend. Even knowing that the princess was behind it all, could I still truly serve her as I did before? When my heart no longer yearns for her, what should I do?

Clank!

“….Ah.”

The teacup Hong Sihwa was drinking slipped from her hand, shattering on the floor beneath the table. The waiter rushed over quickly and cleaned up the mess…

‘Is it too late?’

She can’t turn back time and fix the shattered teacup of Princess Hong Sihwa.

***

Like a dating simulation game, of course, this episode offered a choice. It wasn’t about choosing a heroine (male), but about the right to decide where to go on a mission. Most players chose monster hunting. There was no reason to go through a difficult Persona Gate in a relaxing episode.

However, I heard there are rare cases like that. The relationship with the character is built up so thoroughly that they are forced to choose and get involved by the characters. I was so casual about the game that I never encountered such a thing, and I heard it wasn't common among most NPCs…

“You said you’ll take the Persona Gate mission?”

I have no idea how I ended up dragged along by Hong Biyeon. Well… I had infiltrated Adollebit’s royal palace and helped thaw the frozen Levian Coast, so maybe we do have a deep connection, but that doesn’t mean Hong Biyeon is someone who clings to people.

‘Hmm, is she interested in me?’

Every man thinks that once in a while. They meet a beautiful woman and just because they made eye contact, they imagine, ‘Maybe she’s into me?’. Of course, it’s 99% imagination. The reason I didn’t say 100% is because I’ve heard stories (from the internet) that sometimes it happens. To confirm that 1% possibility was very simple.

“Hey.”

“….Speak.”

When I spoke to Hong Biyeon who was filling out her mission application, she glanced at me with a side glance and answered vaguely. Judging by her attitude, I could tell exactly what was going on.

“Do you like me?”

Hong Biyeon’s hand, which had been writing, stopped abruptly. Her head creaked as she forcibly turned to look at me. Was it an illusion or a real magical phenomenon? It felt like her crimson eyes were burning fiercely.

“….Are you crazy?”

“Ahem, if you don't like me, you don’t need to glare at me like you’re about to kill me.”

I quickly snatched the application form Hong Biyeon was writing and read the mission application.

[Persona Gate Operation Application]
[Difficulty: 3 Risk]

A 3 Risk Persona Gate normally requires at least five 3 Class magicians to clear it safely. Therefore, the Magic Society has set a minimum requirement of at least one 4 Class magician and seven 3 Class magicians. It was necessary to prepare a sufficient amount of power in order to clear it safely and successfully with no casualties.

“Are you a pair?”

“Yes.”

The instructor who was receiving the application looked at us both with suspicious eyes. Sometimes, when a man and a woman submitted an application together, they would make a joke about ‘No dating in school’. However, a combination of a commoner and royalty didn’t seem to work even for such jokes. He didn’t say anything.

“You’ll be joining another team. Student Hong Biyeon isn’t officially registered as a 4 Class yet because she’s still a student, and you… are registered with the Society as a 0 Class.”

“Ah, yes.”

“Therefore, you’ll be excluded from the main force and the other team will cover the number.”

It’s an unavoidable reality. Baek Yuseol was an officially recognized 0 Class magician. In the game, he was a walking bag, a porter, and he got a lot of flak for it. Was the poor treatment he received in the game one of the reasons why the ‘character Baek Yuseol’ became unpopular?

“Anyway, the mission notice will be distributed later...”

“Wait.”

Hong Biyeon interrupted the instructor while he was quietly speaking.

“A commoner… registered with the Society as a 0 Class?”

“Huh? Yes… No, yes. That’s right.”

Overwhelmed by Hong Biyeon’s presence, the instructor unconsciously spoke with respect before correcting himself with a cough.

“Why?”

“Why, of course, because they couldn’t properly measure your magical power.”

The most basic unit for classifying magicians, Total Magic Utilization Potential. It refers to the number of Mana Circles one has created. This is the clear criterion that distinguishes the level of a magician. It doesn't necessarily mean that a 2 Class magician is better than a 1 Class magician. Even with a 1 Class magic power, one can perform great magic.

However, it’s the stereotype. It’s common sense that a magician with a higher average Mana concentration and more Mana Circles can perform more powerful magic.

“I don’t understand….”

“Ahem, I think so too. Looking at your recent performance, it’s not like Student Baek Yuseol is ordinary. But what can you do about reality? Student Hong Biyeon knows that well. The Society is quite strict after all.”

Older magicians tend to be resistant to change and want to stick to tradition. Even knowing that they must break free from that framework to move forward, they remain stagnant. The physiological limitations of a magician. For them, a ‘0 Class Magician’ was an entity that threatened their firmly established framework, and the old magicians, unable to tolerate that arrogant defiance, categorized Baek Yuseol as a 0 Class.

“Stupid… they’re really incredibly stupid. If it were me, I wouldn't have issued an ID based on useless magic potential like this. I would have issued it based on pure fighting ability.”

“H-Hong Biyeon? This is beyond my control. It’s not something I did.”

“Huu…,”

I stared blankly at the flustered instructor and the furious Hong Biyeon. I don’t know why she suddenly got angry, but I know that when she gets angry, there’s no stopping her.

“Um, Princess. It doesn’t matter to me whether I’m 0 Class or not. So it’s better to just go…?”

Hong Biyeon then glared at me with fierce eyes and snatched the mission guide from the instructor's hand.

“I care.”

Then, she went ahead to listen to the Persona Gate mission expedition orientation, and it was pretty scary to follow right after her.

‘Is this…. OK?’

I stared blankly at her back, and the instructor poked my shoulder.

“Baek Yuseol… this mission guide….”

“Ah, yes.”

He looked at Hong Biyeon leaving and me alternately before awkwardly showing his teeth, clenching his fist and saying.

“G-Good luck.”

“….Thanks.”

That was truly encouraging.

