**Return to Cultivation (回歸修仙傳) Chapter 398: With the Wind (1)**

‘What on earth is this….’ There’s no doubt about it.

- Why would someone go to the trouble of preparing the blessing of a non-sage for maggots? To encourage them to devour high-quality corpses more diligently?

At the topmost floor of Fengming City, in a hidden corner of the library that appears when one controls the formation of Fengming City, there were ancient characters written in the same handwriting as those on the ancient texts. It was written by the same person.

‘This is the answer to that self-question from back then.’

- I thought deeply about it. The reason why that person gifted such an excessive thing to the maggots. It wasn’t to help the maggots. It was undoubtedly to release the ancient power.

After reading the text once more, I gathered some information. First, the author of this text harbors extreme displeasure and malice towards cultivators.

‘The text treats all cultivators as maggots and seems to deny the very existence of non-sages among cultivators.’

It was as if the author was denying all those of a lower rank than themselves.

‘Even though they themselves were probably just a low-ranking cultivator in the past.’

I wondered if they were born with an exceptionally good bloodline or had high-ranking parents.

Second, the Fengming people were deliberately gifted to the Water Realm by someone.

‘The celestial artisan who created the Fengming people… who on earth is that?’

The text most likely referred to the ‘Fengming people,’ and it was highly probable that the one who placed Fengming City in the Water Realm was the ‘celestial artisan’ who cast the ‘original’ of the imitation treasure, Seomyeongham.

‘By the way, it’s strange. For some reason, I feel a sense of familiarity with this celestial artisan.’

Had I met them before?

‘It might be because of Bukhyanghwa.’

I didn’t know why, but I had an unfounded delusion that the celestial artisan would be favorable to me.

Anyway, third, the author of this text mentioned that the purpose of the Fengming people was to release something called ‘ancient power.’

‘Indeed, Fengming City is also called the City of Liberation.’

There were various opinions in the Water Realm about why Fengming City was called the City of Liberation and why it possessed the power of liberation. Some said it was to release ancient souls in the Water Realm, others said it was to release forgotten treasures, and some said it was to break a certain formation. Of course, no one knew which was correct.

‘When I fought against Wonlip, Fengming City certainly liberated Wonlip with its power of liberation.’

Fengming City undoubtedly possessed the power of liberation, and it was a [celestial treasure] that moved fate itself.

‘Thinking about it again, it’s a bit scary.’

Perhaps because I had already experienced the celestial treasure Cheonraebon, thinking about it again, the Fengming people might also be a kind of celestial treasure. The Fengming people were not sealed like the relics, so they might have been ‘something alive.’

Recalling that fact, I felt a chill run down my spine. Thinking about it again, it was quite terrifying.

‘…I should be careful when going down to the Water Realm.’

If the Fengming people were truly alive, it meant that while the relics were sealed and stuck in the Water Realm out of fear, the Fengming people remained [by their own will].

I shook my head and changed my thoughts.

‘Anyway, the author of this text believes that Fengming City was created to release ancient power….’

So what exactly is this ancient power mentioned here? If I think simply, it would be the ancient power realm. But I thought there was something more hidden in the word ‘ancient power.’ Ancient power. What does it symbolize?

‘The ancient power realm was named after Taesan Yeolje Gong.’

This world is related to Salt Mountain.

‘And indeed, the Cheongmunryeong, which observed the sky from the lower realm, turned into a salt pillar.’

The Water Realm is also related to Salt Mountain. So, could the ancient power also be related to the master of Salt Mountain?

I pondered deeply. Of course, I couldn’t say anything for certain because I knew too little at the moment. These were the three pieces of information I gathered from the text.

‘I’ll have a chance to investigate this later.’

After reading the text, I turned my gaze to the mural.

‘This mural….’

It matched quite well with the characters inscribed on the Jahon Jade Seal.

‘Blood Yin, Zhenglong, ancient power, and the lower realms. Ah… I see.’

I understood as I looked at the dark mass fighting a dragon in the mural. It was the same mass I had seen in the painting of the Zhenglong True Man’s demise in the Chi-je layer. That painting had a certain ‘feeling,’ and I could feel that the painting itself was slowly converting the surrounding heavenly energy into demonic energy.

I now understood why the Blood Yin was included at the top of the Jahon Jade Seal.

‘The Blood Yin Realm!’

The Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth, unfolded by Seohul, was a twisted space on the outskirts of the Underworld. Inside that space, Seohul had opened the entrance to the Blood Yin Realm. The energy I felt at the entrance of the Blood Yin Realm was the same as the energy I felt from that painting.

‘Tens of thousands of years ago, when the Guanghan Realm was created. Right after the Guanghan Realm was created, there was a great war.’

In that great war, the Zhenglong True Man fought against ‘a certain being from the Demon Realm,’ and after the battle, the Fengming Hammer was struck on his neck, killing him. The corpse of the Zhenglong True Man remained until now, becoming the territory of the True Dragon Alliance.

Anyway, after that, the name of the Guanghan Realm changed from Guanghan (廣寒) to Guanghan (光寒), and as far as I know, around that time, the Blood Yin Realm was separated from the True Demon Realm. Also, the ‘black mass’ that fought against the Zhenglong True Man in the mural, and the ‘blood yin-like energy’ felt from the ‘black-red mass’ that separated from that being.

‘And to build the Yuho Deokchuk, one must go to the Blood Yin Realm, not the True Demon Realm.’

Considering all these things, I could draw one conclusion.

‘The Blood Yin Realm is alive.’

Not just alive, but it’s a place that’s no different from the inside of [a certain being]. It’s a much more sinister and ominous place than the True Demon Realm, which is a place for the disposal of corpses.

‘…I’m really glad I obtained the Yuho Deokchuk in advance.’

I sighed in relief and organized the contents of the mural.

‘A certain living entity in the Blood Yin Realm reached out to the corpse of the Zhenglong True Man and created [the black thing].’

I immediately thought of the Black Dragon King, Hyun-eum.

‘After all, the term ‘Hyun-eum Realm’ is blatantly revealed on the Jahon Jade Seal.’

Moreover, Hyun-eum naturally merged with the body of the Blood Yin Realm’s master and freely manipulated the power of evil.

‘In other words, this mural, which is believed to record the history of the Sea Dragon Clan….’

It explained the origin of the Sea Dragon Clan, which began from the Blood Yin Realm. The first Sea Dragon King, Ja-eum. Undoubtedly, it was a being derived from the Black Dragon King, Hyun-eum.

The reason Seohul had been using magic related to the Blood Yin Realm all this time. The preparations he had made to elevate Wonlip to a non-sage in the Blood Yin Realm through the Tak-hon Mancheon. And the relationship between the Black Dragon King and Seohul. The relationship between the Black Dragon King and the Blood Yin.

‘The Sea Dragon Clan was a race born from the Blood Yin.’

I recalled the term ‘seed dispersal’ that was on the Jahon Jade Seal. And in the mural, I saw small seeds falling into a world symbolized by the ‘ancient power realm,’ with stars, thighs, ring fingers, and [heads].

‘Heads….’

I touched the mural. Why is the Water Realm called the Water Realm? I had a rough idea. The Water Realm was a decayed realm made from someone’s head. If so, the picture in this mural must be the Water Realm. And the seeds scattered in this Water Realm.

“…Is it you?”

I stared at the picture in the mural and asked. Somehow, it felt like I could hear a ‘huffing’ sound from the small dot-like picture.

“Are you this guy?”

Of course, it was just my imagination, and the mural made no sound. After staring at the mural for a while, I recorded it with a recording spell and looked back at Yukyo. She seemed to have regained some composure and cleared her throat.

“…Greetings, Cult Leader.”

“Why were you so absorbed in the mural?”

“Ah… it just surprised me a bit because it looked similar to a picture I saw in the library when I was young.”

“A picture you saw in the library when you were young….”

“Yes, in the library inside Bongrae Nation.”

I looked at the mural at her words.

“This mural was in the library?”

“Not exactly the mural, but that thing.”

“…?”

Yukyo pointed to the [black thing fighting the Zhenglong] at the beginning of the mural. The [black thing] at the beginning of the mural was just starting to fight the Zhenglong True Man. I looked at it for a moment and asked, not understanding.

“…Honestly, isn’t it just a random ink blot on the wall? Although demonic energy is flowing out, there’s no energy inside Bongrae Nation, so you wouldn’t have felt it… how did you recognize it?”

However, Yukyo looked at me with a puzzled expression and said.

“…Ink blot? Can’t you see that grand form, Cult Leader?”

“…?”

I opened my eyes wide and even drew a bit of the power of the Three-Tai Chi from my main body to observe, but no matter how I looked, it was just an ink blot.

“…I don’t understand. Do you see something?”

It seemed that only Yukyo, who was born in Bongrae, could see something. She nodded.

“…Since you can’t see it, I’ll explain it to you. That picture is one of the Dharma forms in the Seocheon Tanghwa-do (Western Heaven Mural) painting in the library of Bongrae Nation.”

“Hmm, is that so?”

“Yes. To explain the Seocheon Tanghwa-do, it’s a kind of mandala depicting the existence of the Wheel Emperor (차륜제존) being protected by 14 Dharma Kings. Just as your sect has 13 Guardian Demon Kings, the Wheel Emperor also has 14 Dharma Kings protecting him. And the Dharma form depicted in that mural is very similar to the form of the Accumulated Virtue Dharma King (적덕법왕) who stands on the right side of the Wheel Emperor. Although it looks a bit more… grotesque.”

“What is the Wheel Emperor?”

“He is one of the two Great Buddha Lords worshipped in the national religion of Bongrae, the Axis Wheel Path (축륜도). They are called the Axis Wheel Emperor (차축제존) and the Wheel Emperor (차륜제존), and among them, the Axis Wheel Emperor is revered as the highest and is worshipped as the Guardian Emperor in Bongrae. Although the Wheel Emperor is also a great Buddha Lord, he is not as popular. However, there are some temples in Bongrae that only worship the Wheel Emperor.”

Yukyo finished her explanation while looking at the ink blot mural with a somewhat nostalgic expression.

“Hmm….”

To my eyes, and even to Baekrin’s eyes, it just looked like an ink blot, but it seemed that she could see something. I pointed to the [black-red thing] that had separated from the [black thing]. It was suspected to be related to the Blood Yin Realm. Yukyo looked at it for a moment and tilted her head.

“Hmm… I don’t know. It just looks like a black-red mist. I can’t tell.”

“I see… understood.”

Anyway, it seemed important and related to the secret history of the Sea Dragon Clan, so I planned to show it to Seoran as well. After meticulously recording the mural, I walked down the path where the mural was drawn. At the end of the path, there was a statue that seemed to belong to the Sea Dragon Clan.

‘This is….’

As soon as I saw the Sea Dragon statue, I frowned deeply. Thick demonic energy was clinging to the statue, and an unpleasant smell of blood emanated from it. Most unsettling of all was.

‘It’s similar to the magic flow used by Seohul.’

The statue had a magic flow very similar to the ‘Blood Sacrifice Blood Yin Ghost Incense’ magic used by Seohul. I recalled the details of the Blood Sacrifice Blood Yin Ghost Incense used by Seohul and tried to deduce the nature of this magic.

‘It’s likely that the Blood Sacrifice Blood Yin Ghost Incense is a magic that creates an attraction to the Blood Yin Realm.’

This Sea Dragon statue was also likely created by Yukrin to borrow the power of the Blood Yin Realm.

Crack!

I immediately smashed the statue. Rumble— And as I destroyed the statue, the wall behind it collapsed. It seemed there was a hidden secret passage.

“Baekrin, is there something behind it?”

“I’m sorry, Cult Leader. My consciousness is repelled when I try to look inside. If I force it, it feels like the demonic energy will erode my mind….”

“That’s enough. Protect your consciousness.”

That alone was enough information.

‘It’s a place Yukrin carefully set up a barrier for.’

If so, it was highly likely that the grand palace of Bongrae, which Yukrin had stolen, was inside. In other words, this was Yukrin’s treasure vault.

“Then… shall we take a look at Yukrin’s treasure vault?”

I smiled and took a step inside. Or rather, I tried to.

Ping!

I stopped in my tracks. A very thin sword energy grazed my cheek from behind.

“…Right, you were here. Come to think of it….”

There stood Jinmayeol, with one hand transformed into a monstrous sword, grinning.

“What’s going on, Cult Leader? We had agreed that the Deep Sea Island would be explored by our Tumahae Pirates.”

“I just found the teleportation formation leading from the True Dragon Island to the Deep Sea Island and came in.”

“Ah, I see. Excellent. Now that you’ve rescued your subordinate and Princess Yukyo, why don’t you go back to the other sea area?”

“Sorry, but I have something to check inside.”

“We, the Tumahae Pirates, will investigate thoroughly and let you know what’s inside. Go back.”

“Wasn’t your goal to obtain Princess Yukyo? Why don’t you go back?”

“We had agreed that the Deep Sea Island would be explored by us. Keep your promise, Cult Leader.”

I glared at Jinmayeol, and he glared back at me.

“…Was your goal from the beginning not Princess Yukyo, but the treasures inside the Deep Sea Island?”

“Both. Do you have a problem with that?”

“Not a problem, but….”

I glanced at the mural depicting the secret history of the Sea Dragon Clan and spoke.

“I have something to investigate inside.”

“I said I’d investigate and let you know. Get out.”

“Sorry, but it’s something I must do.”

Jinmayeol and I glared at each other. And in the next moment.

Flash!

In an instant, Jinmayeol swung his monstrous sword. The monstrous sword headed straight for Baekrin’s head, and his sword was overlaid with an aura that could cut through Baekrin’s celestial essence.

Boom!

I kicked Yukyo and Baekrin, sending them flying towards the teleportation formation.

“Get out, Baekrin! I’ve already incapacitated Yukrin’s clone, so it won’t move for a while!”

In the blink of an eye, the monstrous sword moved again, targeting me. I deflected his monstrous sword with my Total Heaven Sword and glared at Jinmayeol.

“Are you planning to fight me? Your Tumahae Pirates are under my command.”

Jinmayeol grinned at my words.

“I was terrified of your main body, but I can handle your clone that can only use Tumahae. And….”

Thud, thud, thud!

“Hehehe!”

“Hahaha!”

The pirates of the Tumahae Pirates surrounded Yukyo and Baekrin, who were trying to use the teleportation formation. I glared at them and spoke.

“If you kill my subordinates, the contract written with the Hyungoji will punish you.”

Jinmayeol grinned and spoke.

“That’s true. But isn’t it strange?”

“What?”

“According to the contract, if I attacked you, I should have been ‘punished’ immediately by the Hyungoji’s contract. But I’m fine. Do you know what that means?”

“….”

“It’s the power of Bongrae! Since Yukrin brought the grand palace of Bongrae, some of Bongrae’s rules are applied here in the Deep Sea Island! In other words, the contract is partially nullified here. Shall we test how far it applies?”

At his words, the pirates of the Tumahae Pirates grinned and pressed Baekrin with their power.

“…I understand. I’ll leave.”

I gritted my teeth and took a step back. But Jinmayeol laughed wildly at my attitude.

“Why? Weren’t you curious about what’s inside?”

“….”

“Hmm, this is boring. This won’t do.”

He looked at me with lustful eyes and licked his lips.

“Let’s make a bet.”

“What?”

“It’s good for you too. If you win the bet with me, I’ll give you the captain’s position of the Tumahae Pirates. And I’ll give you all the treasures inside. You can investigate whatever you want. But if you lose, your subordinates will die. Yukyo will be mine. The treasures inside will be mine. And your Demon Sect will be forever trapped in the deep sea of Bongrae. How about it, doesn’t it sound tempting?”

At his signal, the pirates of the Tumahae Pirates threatened Baekrin with their spells. It was a de facto threat disguised as a bet. I closed my eyes and spoke.

“…What kind of bet?”

“It’s simple. When we go inside, there will probably be the grand palace of Bongrae that Yukrin took. The one who gets the palace first wins! You can use any method!”

His eyes were filled with lust. I could tell. He wanted to fight me and satisfy his lust. He couldn’t win against my main body, but as a Tumahae, fighting a strong opponent was the greatest pleasure. He wanted to feel pleasure by fighting my clone. It was unbearably unpleasant. But I glanced at Baekrin and then