Kang Minhee was looking at me. No, her gaze was precisely directed at my soul.

"What on earth happened to you...?"

"..."

As I connected with Bongryeonghyo, she and I were linked at this moment. Although the connection would soon be broken, it allowed Kang Minhee's insight to see my essence more clearly.

"Huuu..."

She created a chair made of ice and collapsed into it. She looked quite exhausted.

"You bastard... If you're going to come, at least come properly..."

Kang Minhee cursed with her eyes closed, but the corners of her mouth were lifted. Then she fell asleep. It was the effect of Bongryeonghyo.

* * *

Kang Minhee dreamed. It was a dream about what had happened on Earth. In that dream, she was staring at a shadow in front of a dressing table. She was glaring at the shadow in the mirror.

The shadow spoke.

―You are me. I am you. A shadow you created to protect yourself. Your talent was so great that I was born naturally.

Kang Minhee bit her lip. She didn't respond to the shadow, quickly applied simple makeup, and left. The shadow was part of Kang Minhee's talent. She knew that she had absorbed all of it when she entered Heuksaek Guigol and learned the Ghost Dao Technique from Heo Gwak. It was a truth she had ignored until now. The shadow was her own power, and it was already within her. Therefore, the shadow could never appear before her again. She had devoured it when she awakened her talent long ago.

As the memory she had unconsciously sealed was released, it mended her mind. But was it the price? Or was it a side effect of Bongryeonghyo's technique? Or perhaps the trick of someone who had lost their mind? Kang Minhee had to seal one memory in exchange for releasing another. The memory of seeing Seo Eunhyun's soul inside Seorip. That brief memory was buried by the Bongryeonghyo embedded in her soul.

Kang Minhee opened her eyes again. Her last memory was of Seorip stopping her rampage for some reason. Although she felt that some memory was sealed as a result, her distorted memory made her think that the 'sealed memory' was the cause of her rampage. Therefore, Kang Minhee vowed not to touch this seal until she grew strong enough to overcome her own rampage.

* * *

"What is it, Seorip?"

I greeted Yeonwi and returned to Cheonbusan, speaking as I did. Seorip was bombarding me with complaints.

―Did you seal Kang Minhee's memory?

"Knowing your identity wouldn't help her."

―You shouldn't have tampered with her memory!

"She can unlock it herself when she grows. She'll think she can unlock it later when she's strong enough."

―Why do you keep postponing the truth?

"I don't see why she needs to know it now. Sending Jeon Myunghun to the Ghost Realm is more important. There's no need to shake Kang Minhee's mind."

―It's not a matter of necessity.

"Everything in the world is a matter of necessity."

―...

Seorip didn't contact me for a while. I wondered if I should treat Seorip's delusions as I clicked my tongue. It was when I arrived at Cheonindo.

"Master, it's been a while."

"Hmm, Hongbeom?"

"Yes, the client in the Jizok area canceled the poison manufacturing, saying something went wrong. But I got everything I wanted. Both the poison and the antidote. Hehe..."

"Good, you're useful, Hongbeom."

Hongbeom bowed his head in gratitude and looked at me.

"But Master, you seem different from before?"

"Hmm, different how?"

"Are you unwell?"

"Hmmm... Do I look sick?"

"Is there a problem with your consciousness? I infused your upper dantian with the intangible poison I developed to detect any abnormalities in your consciousness. But the consciousness waves are different from before."

"..."

I frowned. Hearing that made me suddenly feel irritated and want to kill Hongbeom. But at the same time, I suppressed that emotion with reason and thought.

'Not just Seorip, but Hongbeom also thinks I'm strange. Then there's a high chance something is really wrong with me.'

I considered using Bongryeonghyo on myself. But I thought my issue wasn't just a simple mental disorder.

'Well. Fine. I originally went to Taeyeoljeon to get a Buddhist technique that would help my consciousness.'

I took out the Buddhist technique books I received from Taeyeoljeon as I returned to Cheonbusan. Learning the Buddhist techniques would help me clearly understand what was wrong with my consciousness. However, at that moment, Hongbeom looked at the Buddhist techniques with a puzzled expression and asked.

"Master, what are those?"

"Hmm. Buddhist techniques. They are techniques that incorporate the conceptual beings called the Seven Fire Kings into the techniques..."

Hearing my explanation, Hongbeom's eyes lit up.

"Oh, Master. I'm very interested. May I study those techniques as well?"

"Hmm, Hongbeom. But these are Celestial techniques."

"Oh... I see. Then please tell me where I can learn more about the Fire Kings themselves."

I found it strange that Hongbeom suddenly showed great interest in Buddhist techniques.

'Well, it shouldn't matter.'

I sliced through space and arrived below Cheonindo, at Taeyeolsa.

"Go to Taeyeolsa and find Taeyeoljeon. He's one of the Celestial Lords, so be respectful, Hongbeom."

"Of course."

I entered Taeyeolsa to introduce Hongbeom to Taeyeoljeon. Taeyeoljeon was sweeping the yard. Despite being a master, she was using her body to sweep instead of using techniques.

"A welcome guest has arrived. What brings you here, Seo Susa?"

Taeyeoljeon greeted me warmly. I introduced Hongbeom and said.

"Hello, Taedo. This is Hongbeom, my subordinate. He is very interested in Buddhist techniques..."

And then, I noticed something strange. An impossible presence was blooming beside me.

"...???"

As soon as Hongbeom saw Taeyeoljeon, golden and pink auras emanated from his body. With blushing cheeks, he stammered.

"M-Master. Who is this beautiful person?"

"...?? I told you, she's Taeyeoljeon, one of the Celestial Lords."

"A-Ah..."

Hongbeom, as if entranced, approached her and suddenly blurted out.

"Please marry me. I fell in love at first sight."

"...???"

"...!?"

I blinked in confusion, and Taeyeoljeon visibly flinched. Her usually calm face showed signs of bewilderment, disbelief, and a bit of panic. Her serene demeanor was shattered by Hongbeom's sudden confession.

"Um, sorry, Taedo. My subordinate was rude. Hongbeom, for now..."

"Be quiet!!!"

"...???"

Hongbeom raised his voice, something he had never done before.

"Even if you are my master, I won't tolerate you interfering between me and this person!!!"

I had never seen the usually calm Hongbeom so enraged, so I stepped back in surprise. Hongbeom turned back to Taeyeoljeon, knelt before her, and began his confession.

"Oh, beautiful one. Please marry me. I've never met anyone as beautiful as you. Just looking at you makes my heart come alive. Please..."

The truly surprising thing was that amidst this farce, a pink aura was blooming in Taeyeoljeon's chest. Though her face was flustered, a blush appeared on her cheeks.

"No, I'm sorry, but I am a nun. I cannot engage in relationships."

"If you give up being a nun, will you date me?"

"That's impossible. I swore not to share affection with anyone after attaining my Dao."

"Ah... Then do I have no chance? Please give me a chance."

"Please support me in completing my Dao. Then perhaps there will be a way for us to meet."

"When you complete your Dao, you will be perfect as yourself. How can I meet you then? Only the imperfect can share love. Please give me a chance..."

Hongbeom began to cry, kneeling before her. Taeyeoljeon, sweating profusely, tried to console him.

"Why think that way? You haven't seen me complete my Dao. Only the Future King knows what lies at the end of the Dao, so we can't make assumptions."

"Even if I haven't seen it, if one has wisdom, they can infer the ultimate of the Dao. Beings and relationships can only love in their imperfection. Don't you know that the higher one ascends in cultivation, the more emotionless they become?"

"Calm down. Only the Future King determines fate and destiny. Seek your fate from him."

"What does that mean! I don't know what the Future King does, but is he omnipotent? If I seek fate from him, why would I confess my love? Would I be satisfied with a fate handed down by him? I want to seek love with my own hands!!!"

Hongbeom, completely agitated, clung to Taeyeoljeon with bloodshot eyes, and she gently pushed him away. Surprisingly, Hongbeom, who seemed like he would cling endlessly, was pushed away without resistance.

"Am I... not allowed...?"

"Forgive me. Please leave now."

"...I understand. If you ever give a sermon, please let me know. I will watch from afar."

Hongbeom, realizing his confession wouldn't work, retreated in tears. Taeyeoljeon, wiping her sweat, couldn't hide her bewilderment and bowed to me.

"Sorry, Seo Susa. I don't think I'm in a good state today. Let's meet another time."

"...Ah, yes. Please go inside."

Though she said that, I had a feeling she wouldn't meet me again. As long as Hongbeom was my subordinate, she wouldn't approach me.

'Did I lose a mentor for Buddhist techniques because of a confession...'

Feeling a bit absurd, I looked at Hongbeom. But seeing him lying on the ground, swallowing his tears like a tragic hero, I decided not to pursue the matter, fearing he might consume the intangible poison.

After a while, I calmed Hongbeom down and ascended to Cheonindo with him.

"...Hongbeom."

"Yes, Master."

"Can I ask why you suddenly confessed?"

"I told you. I fell in love at first sight."

"Hmm..."

'Do the standards of beauty for the Celestial race differ greatly from humans...?'

As I pondered, Hongbeom seemed to be contemplating something and then spoke.

"And also... As soon as I saw her, something came to mind."

"Hmm? What do you mean?"

"...Actually, saying I fell in love at first sight might not be accurate. I'm sorry. For some reason, seeing her brought back emotions I had forgotten. I don't know why, but I feel like I've met her somewhere before."

"Hmm..."

I thought deeply and reached a possibility.

'Could it be Hongbeom's past life...?'

Hongbeom was an old soul. That's why he appeared old and spoke in an old-fashioned manner. Perhaps he had met Taeyeoljeon in a past life. As I organized my thoughts, Hongbeom suddenly spoke to me.

"Master, you have the Buddhist techniques she gave you, right?"

"Uh, yes. I do..."

"Please give them to me. I want them. At least let me smell her scent... Please."

Feeling bewildered by his plea, I handed over the Buddhist techniques I received from Taeyeoljeon. Hongbeom, clutching the books, closed his eyes as if something was coming to mind.

"...Well, I need those techniques, so bring them back later."

"..."

Hongbeom didn't respond.

'I thought he was useful, but he's swayed by emotions like this.'

Feeling a strange sense of irritation towards Hongbeom, I returned to my quarters. And then, I saw someone standing in front of my quarters and frowned.

"...What is it? Why are you here?"

It was Seorip. He had changed his face to mine using a technique and was waiting for me.

Seorip looked at me and said.

"You seem upset, main body."

"...Yes. Hongbeom's sudden actions caused me a loss."

"Then shouldn't you be showing an upset face?"

"What's wrong with my face?"

Seorip glared at me and said.

"You're smiling."

"...I'm smiling?"

Tch, tch, tch! Seorip used a technique to create a mirror and showed it to me. In the mirror, despite my displeasure, I was smiling kindly, even to my own surprise.

"Main body, don't you think something is wrong? Both I and Hongbeom sensed something off about you. And even when I'm upset, I never make such a face."

"...They say smiling brings good fortune."

But I knew it was a poor excuse.

'Why am I like this?'

I was confused myself. Seorip spoke to me coldly.

"Main body. I'm going to seal you in your quarters."

"...What?"

Chwarrr, chwarrr! Seorip's surroundings were filled with sealing techniques like Bongmyunghyo, Five Elements Blood Seal, and Black Ghost Seal.

"Since you need to undergo closed-door training to reach the Four Tribulations, consider it as training in your quarters. I'll handle your external activities. I'll also reach the Four Tribulations in Heuksaek Guigol and pass on the enlightenment, so you don't need to act anymore."

"...Who are you to tell me what to do?"

"I am you."

"..."

I pondered for a while. Indeed, I had been acting strangely lately.

"Wouldn't it be better for me to move and find a consciousness technique?"

"Well. I think it's better for you to observe yourself while sealed."

"Hmm..."

I thought rationally. Seorip's words made sense. Rationally, it was the right thing to do. But for some reason, I didn't like it. However...

'What does it matter if I don't like it? Emotions are...'

After organizing my thoughts, I smiled kindly and spread my arms.

"Fine. That seems best. Seal me. Continue with the plans I was going to carry out."

"...Understood."

"Then I'll go inside."

I obediently entered my quarters, and Seorip called out from behind.

"Main body."

Buuung― Seorip drew the intangible sword and performed a sword dance.

"Draw the intangible sword."

I smiled and drew the intangible sword, performing a simple sword dance just like Seorip.

"...I see. Then, be sealed for a thousand years."

"I will."

Clang, clang, clang! Bongmyunghyo, Five Elements Blood Seal, Black Ghost Seal, and other demonic sealing techniques enveloped my quarters. Before the seal was completed, I handed over the token indicating I had entrusted all my authority to my clone and was sealed. Judging by the composition of the seal, it would be released in a thousand years. I would slowly challenge the Four Tribulations during that time. Smiling in the darkness, I sat in a lotus position.

* * *

After sealing him, I used a technique to change my clothes to all white. Seeing that disgusting expression on his face, I realized. He was no longer the main body.

"Seohyeol, what have you done?"

That bastard is Seohyeol.

Now, for a thousand years...