I raised the Invisible Sword. Since Yuan Yu's blood body had not yet been trained, it couldn't fully unleash the sword's power. At best, it could only use about 80% of its strength. In other words, my main body had already been trained. And perhaps because of that, surprisingly, Seo Hyul, who had absorbed me, demonstrated the use of the Invisible Sword of 'Dapcheon.' 

'But he couldn't communicate with the Invisible Sword.' He couldn't show the realization of Geopcheon. However, despite that, he used the Invisible Sword, a technique related to my mental image. That fact gave me chills. How could such a thing be possible? 

To prevent any potential risk of encroachment, I severed even the slightest connection with my main body. Afterward, I used the sound transmission technique to call Hong Beom. Hong Beom quickly ran to my call and knelt down.

"Did you call for me, Master?"

"Bring Kim Yeon and Jeon Myung-hoon. And... inform the Taesuhui that I am going into seclusion for training. Tell them I will be in seclusion for about a thousand years, and if they have any messages, they should come to my clone."

"Understood. By the way, Master..."

"Hmm?"

"Is this your clone?"

"Yes, is there a problem?"

"No, nothing."

Hong Beom, who had been staring at me intently for a moment, shook his head.

"How dull. Go on."

Hong Beom bowed his head once and disappeared from my sight. After a while, Kim Yeon and Jeon Myung-hoon appeared before me. Kim Yeon had just returned from Hanumtaek. She looked at me and tilted her head in confusion.

'She couldn't have noticed that the body in Hanumtaek and this body are the same, could she?'

I broke into a cold sweat internally and asked Kim Yeon to explain what she had heard from Kang Min-hee. Kim Yeon relayed Kang Min-hee's words to Jeon Myung-hoon.

"Well, it doesn't matter. I'll follow whatever you say."

Jeon Myung-hoon nodded and readily agreed. I asked Kim Yeon.

"Yeon-ah, Deputy Director Oh Hyun-seok will be coming back soon."

"What? The Deputy Director too?"

"Yes."

As the Taesu, I was sharing a considerable amount of information with the Taesuhui. Among the shared information was that Oh Hyun-seok of the Changcheon Gaebyeokmun was currently knocking on the door of the Gwanghan Realm from beyond the boundary. In about three or four days, I would be able to meet Oh Hyun-seok.

'With this, I've achieved my goal of gathering allies.'

The remaining goals were to achieve the Four Pillars, obtain the Taesan Yeolje Gong Gugal, explore the Jeomuldo of Jung Ryongjin, live for over a thousand years, and completely kill Seo Hyul.

'Seo Hyul seems to have accepted the seclusion training, thinking he can enter the Four Pillars with my body...'

I was confident that no matter how cunning Seo Hyul was, he would realize something was wrong after 300 years and cry out to the heavens within the Eastern Region. I knew my original body's talents better than anyone.

And a few days later, we went to the entrance of the Jinma Realm and met a familiar face.

"Deputy Director Oh!"

"..."

It was Oh Hyun-seok. He looked at Kim Yeon with hollow eyes, then turned his gaze to me and Jeon Myung-hoon behind her.

"How have you been, Hyun-seok hyung?"

"How... have you been?"

I greeted him casually, and Jeon Myung-hoon greeted him with an awkward expression. Oh Hyun-seok looked at us for a moment and then slumped to the ground.

"...It feels like a dream. We really survived that battlefield."

He sighed and caught his breath. Having reached the level of Wonyeonggi, Oh Hyun-seok laughed heartily while catching his breath. I smiled at him as he sighed in relief.

"Yes, congratulations."

In this life, he had not been mentally broken by the Black Dragon King or the Blood Yin Realm Master. Chang Ho-ja had not died, and he had only growth ahead of him. I looked at him and smiled bitterly inside.

'The fate of the Geumshinchunraemun, which was related to Jinseon, was twisted...'

But Oh Hyun-seok alone could change the situation and alter fate.

'If I had been a little stronger, could I have saved the entire Geumshinchunraemun?'

Maybe, just maybe, that could have been the case.

'Let's get stronger quickly.'

With the Great Desert Sea Star's cultivation method I had created, I was confident I could reach the Four Pillars. After catching up with Oh Hyun-seok, I sent him back to the Changcheon Gaebyeokmun.

"So, you want me to reach the Four Pillars and come back?"

"Yes, I would appreciate it if you could do that."

"Haha, alright. I understand. I learned a lot from this Human-Demon War."

He boarded the giant flying artifact heading to the Changcheon Gaebyeokmun and looked at the entrance of the Jinma Realm with a bitter expression. The entrance to the Jinma Realm was now completely sealed by the Taesus of the Jinma Realm. At least humans could no longer recklessly invade the Jinma Realm.

"Are we humans... good or evil?"

Oh Hyun-seok muttered as he looked at the Jinma Realm with a confused gaze.

"I've been pondering that a lot. If I go to the Changcheon Gaebyeokmun and ask my master, he will give me a clear answer. He's that kind of person... But what do you think?"

He looked at us with a troubled expression and asked.

"Are humans good or evil? It's been almost 100 years since we came to this world. You must have your own experiences, so think about them and tell me."

At his words, Kim Yeon answered immediately. Her eyes were filled with certainty.

"In my opinion... the theory of inherent evil is more accurate. Pure humans are ultimately a great evil."

It was an answer only she, who had experienced the 'pure human' Gwaegun, could give. Surprisingly, Jeon Myung-hoon gave the opposite answer. He touched the wooden box in his arms and spoke.

"Well, I would like to believe in the theory of inherent goodness. If humans are not good, how could they care for others when facing death?"

It was an answer only Jeon Myung-hoon, who had heard the dying words of Geum So-hae, could give.

"Interesting. If we were still working at the company, I think you two would have given opposite answers..."

"Well, a lot has happened."

"...Indeed. A lot... has happened."

At Oh Hyun-seok's words, the two of them made bitter expressions. Truly, we had experienced too many events.

"Then, Eun-hyun, what do you think?"

"..."

However, I couldn't answer Oh Hyun-seok's question immediately.

"...I don't know."

"You don't know?"

"Yes. You might think it's foolish, but I really don't know. No matter how much I think about it, I can't find an answer."

"...I see. Understood. Your answers have been helpful. I'll take them into consideration."

It seemed that Oh Hyun-seok had seen many of the ugly sides of humans during the Human-Demon War. He appeared to be confused about the identity of humans. After hugging each of us, Oh Hyun-seok departed for the Changcheon Gaebyeokmun. I had a feeling we would meet again soon.

After sending Oh Hyun-seok off, I entrusted Kim Yeon with taking Jeon Myung-hoon to the Black Ghost Valley.

"Aren't you going, Eun-hyun oppa? Shouldn't you meet Min-hee unnie too?"

"...I'll meet Kang Min-hee later."

It seemed I needed more courage to face Kang Min-hee with my original face. Although my main body had sealed her memories arbitrarily, it seemed a bit fortunate now. Kim Yeon nodded and headed to the Black Ghost Valley with Jeon Myung-hoon. After watching them disappear, I quickly headed to the Black Ghost Valley, changing my face back to Seo Rip's. For now, it was time to be with Kang Min-hee as Seo Rip, not Seo Eun-hyun.

* * *

Black Ghost Valley. Inside the Seopmyeongham, in the office of the Ghost Soul Pavilion.

"Hey, it's been a while, you rascal."

Kang Min-hee tapped her pipe to extinguish the tobacco and greeted Kim Yeon and Jeon Myung-hoon. I stood beside Kang Min-hee with Seo Rip's face and greeted the two. Jeon Myung-hoon momentarily made eye contact with me and had a strange expression. Come to think of it, he knew about Yuan Yu's blood body. Fortunately, he seemed to have caught on and closed his mouth without saying anything. Kang Min-hee looked at Jeon Myung-hoon with interest.

"Ho, honestly, I didn't expect anything, but you've changed a lot, haven't you? That rascal?"

At her words, Jeon Myung-hoon looked at her with a blank expression and spoke.

"It seems like you're trying to provoke me, but I apologize for what happened on Earth. I'm sorry."

"..."

"Anyway, how do I use the shortcut?"

Kang Min-hee widened her eyes in surprise at Jeon Myung-hoon's response.

"...You've really grown. Alright, I apologize for trying to provoke you. I'll let you use the shortcut. But what will you pay to the Black Ghost Valley? Even the disciples of the Geumshinchunraemun who used the shortcut before paid the usage fee."

At her words, Jeon Myung-hoon nodded.

"Put it on Seo Eun-hyun's tab. He's the Taesu of the human race now, so he'll get plenty of support."

Both Kang Min-hee and I laughed helplessly at Jeon Myung-hoon's casual remark of putting it on my tab. She laughed outwardly, while I laughed inwardly.

"It seems you haven't changed your habit of liking credit..."

'This guy, isn't he too naturally putting it on my tab?'

Kang Min-hee clicked her tongue and nodded.

"Alright, I'll collect the fee from Seo Eun-hyun. Do you have any proof?"

Jeon Myung-hoon handed her a recording talisman with my voice. It was a talisman containing my voice, promising to help him in any way when he went to the Ghost Realm. Kang Min-hee nodded.

"Alright. I'll let you use the shortcut. But as Yeon must have told you, you must follow my orders unconditionally. Otherwise, you won't be able to enter."

"I understand."

At his words, Kang Min-hee nodded and led us out of the Seopmyeongham. As I had become a Celestial Human, I followed them as the head of the Ghost Soul Pavilion. Outside the Seopmyeongham, in one of the valleys of the Black Ghost Valley. It was a valley with a terrain like a pool filled with Yin energy. At the bottom, there was a red pattern drawn as if painted with blood. And around the pattern, long totem poles were planted, facing the center.

"There are several ways to enter the Ghost Realm. The easiest way is to become a Fusion Stage cultivator, surround yourself with a domain, and break through the boundary of the Ghost Realm. That's the most stable method. With a domain surrounding you, your body won't be damaged by the energy of the Ghost Realm, and it will be the safest way to return."

She continued.

"The next way is to die and become a ghost, then enter before being dragged to the Underworld. The Ghost Realm is also connected to the Underworld. And this method is also connected to another way, which is to learn ghost cultivation techniques and become a ghost. Or transform your body into a corpse or other undead. Using this method makes it overwhelmingly easier to use the shortcut and become stronger in the Ghost Realm. But for someone like you, who has nothing to do with ghost cultivation techniques, there are only two options."

Wooong!

As she formed hand seals, the red pattern began to glow.

"First, enter the domain of a Fusion Stage cultivator and be protected while going together. Second, use a shortcut like this. And for someone with a living body like you to use the shortcut, one method is necessary."

Kang Min-hee pointed to the center of the pattern and looked at Jeon Myung-hoon.

"Stand there. And no matter what happens, don't leave that spot. If you leave in the middle, the spell will go awry, and you might lose your body."

"Alright."

Jeon Myung-hoon calmly stood in the center of the pattern. Kang Min-hee continued to form hand seals and explained further.

"We will temporarily turn your body into a 'dead body.' Then we will separate your soul from your body and put your soul through a trial. The soul that passes the trial will obtain a 'dream body' called the body of illusion. With that dream body, you can enter the Ghost Realm."

"Well, I don't care about any of that... but can I return to my original state?"

Wooong!

As she completed the hand seals, she focused her consciousness and spoke.

"The ritual is ready. Shall we begin?"

"Do it."

At the same time, black bandages shot out from the mouths of the eight totem poles. The bandages wrapped around Jeon Myung-hoon, binding his limbs.

"...!"

Jeon Myung-hoon gritted his teeth. As the bandages wrapped around him, his body began to wither, turning into a mummy-like form.

"The bandages store your life force. You'll return to your original state later, so endure it. Don't leave your spot, and hold on!"

Jeon Myung-hoon gritted his teeth and endured the pain of having his life force forcibly extracted. It seemed that being beaten to the point of his body bursting by me had helped. After a while, Jeon Myung-hoon completely transformed into a mummy. Once that happened, the bandages from the totem poles snapped and wrapped around him entirely.

"Now, I'll extract your soul. Endure this too."

Kudududuk!

As Kang Min-hee extended her hand, it transformed into a giant ghostly hand. The ghostly hand crossed the air and grabbed the head of the mummified Jeon Myung-hoon. Then, with a forceful pull, Jeon Myung-hoon's soul was extracted from his head. The pain seemed to be immense, as Jeon Myung-hoon couldn't hold back his scream. Kang Min-hee quickly placed his soul into the red pattern. After a while, Jeon Myung-hoon, who had entered the maze-like pattern, began to follow the path and gradually emerged. Eventually, his soul, now a translucent form, stood on top of the pattern. That must be the 'dream body' Kang Min-hee had mentioned.

"Now, go, Jeon Myung-hoon. When you arrive, a guide ghost will attach to you. Never reveal that you are alive. Got it? No matter how much you are recommended by the Black Ghost Valley, if you reveal that you have a living body, all sorts of troublemakers will come after you. Remember my words. Got it?"

"Any other precautions will be given by the guide ghost. Then, go well."

Paaat!

As the pattern emitted a red light, Jeon Myung-hoon was sucked into the pattern. I realized that the pattern was connected to the 'shortcut.'

"It's done. Jeon Myung-hoon has gone through the shortcut. He will arrive in the Ghost Realm."

"I see..."

I had one question and asked Kang Min-hee.

"Elder, may I ask one thing?"

"What is it?"

"Can someone else enter the shortcut? For example, someone like me who can attempt to become a ghost king through ghost cultivation techniques..."

"Hmm, it's impossible right now. You'll have to wait at least 50 years. Jeon Myung-hoon's ritual was quite large, so the shortcut is strained."

"I see. Understood."

I clicked my tongue. If I could enter within a year, it would have been nice to go with Jeon Myung-hoon until the Jeomuldo of Jung Ryongjin opened. But 50 years... It would also take 50 years to return. Moreover, there was no guarantee that others wouldn't use the shortcut, so it could take even longer.

'Then there's no choice.'

I had saved Oh Hyun-seok. Jeon Myung-hoon had gone to the Ghost Realm. Now, the remaining tasks were...

'The Jeomuldo of Jung Ryongjin. And...'

Advancing to the Four Pillars. I looked at my body and observed the energy of the Great Desert Sea Star swirling inside me.

'Until the Jeomuldo of Jung Ryongjin opens. I will reach the Four Pillars.'

With this body and the compatibility with the Great Desert Sea Star, it was definitely possible. Of course, I wanted to find a way to kill Seo Hyul immediately.

'But I am still weak.'

Therefore, it was better to find a way after reaching the Four Pillars. Just as I couldn't save the Geumshinchunraemun but saved Oh Hyun-seok. When I was weak, I couldn't do anything, but as I grew stronger and higher, the range of people I could save expanded. I needed to become stronger. Higher.

'Until I can know and achieve more.'

Therefore, until I entered the Jeomuldo of Jung Ryongjin, I decided to put all my effort into reaching the Four Pillars.

* * *

Humans are foolish creatures. They always regret after losing something. I seemed to be no different. In the deep darkness, I opened my mouth.

"How persistent, Seo Hyul."

And then, 'my' mouth opened again.

"What do you mean, Seo Dowoo?"

"..."

A considerable amount of time had passed since Seo Rip sealed me. Seo Rip had severed the connection between us, and I was left alone in the darkness. At some point, I realized that 'I' was losing control to 'someone else.' It was Seo Hyul. Only after more than 80% of my control had been taken by Seo Hyul did I recognize him. I sat cross-legged, focusing my energy to escape Seo Hyul's encroachment using the All-Connections Diagram.

"...So killing you meant you would parasitize me."

"Haha, who knows."

"..."

He answered vaguely, never giving proper information.

'Damn it...'

In the end, my judgment was foolish, and Seo Rip's judgment was correct. If I had been openly active, I would have been replaced by Seo Hyul at some point, leading those around me to ruin.

"Do we have about a thousand years..."

"Something like that. Your clone's judgment was excellent."

"...I can now understand your speech."

'Something like that' meant he could get out in less than a thousand years. 'Your clone's judgment was excellent' meant Seo