The Dead (2)

"I believe in you, Seo Eunhyun."

"Yeah. Honestly, if it's you, it wouldn't be strange if you reached the fusion stage in just ten years and returned to the Guanghan Realm with your bare body."

"As expected of Eunhyun! I believed in you since the company days!"

"I believe in you too, oppa!"

"As expected of the master."

Yeonwi, Jeon Myeonghun, Oh Hyunseok, Kim Yeon, and Hongbeom all showered me with their expectations one after another. I felt a cold sweat running down the back of my head.

"...."

I needed to clear up some misunderstandings.

"First of all, it seems like everyone has some misunderstandings.... I can exert power beyond my current level, but it's not as easy to raise my level as you think."

"Haha, why are you saying that, master? Your talent is something no one can match. Please show me your dazzling talent!"

Hongbeom clenched his fist and looked at me with shining eyes, as if cheering me on.

"...."

For the first time in my life, I felt the urge to shut Hongbeom's mouth. Seeing me stiffen a bit, Yeonwi laughed heartily.

"Hahaha, well, it's fine. Saying you'll reach the fusion stage in ten years was honestly a joke. Just do it in about a hundred years."

"...It seems there's a significant misunderstanding between us."

I pressed my head, feeling a headache coming on. However, Yeonwi shook her head instead.

"No, it's not a misunderstanding. The Five Blessings Foundation is difficult if you don't know the method, but it's easy if you do. If you don't know how to forcefully accumulate the foundation, it's impossible, but if you do, it's really easy. And this body has accumulated three of the Five Blessings Foundations while wandering through the realms of the Ghost King, High Power, and Purple Gold. I can teach you as much as you want."

Yeonwi continued.

"And although you think it's vague and difficult because you don't know anything about the foundation of the Five Blessings, once you try it, your thoughts will change."

"...?"

"Now, everyone, listen up about the Five Blessings Foundation. Jeon Myeonghun, even if you don't accumulate the foundation, at least listen!"

She gathered us and began explaining about the Five Blessings Foundation, its power, performance, and how to accumulate such foundations. As I listened, I understood why those who knew about the Five Blessings Foundation, like the Black Ghost Bone Valley, tried to expand their forces by any means. And at the same time, I was shocked.

"That... that's... complete demonic cultivation, isn't it?"

I asked Yeonwi with a stunned expression. However, Yeonwi tilted her head as if puzzled.

"Hmm, what do you mean? This isn't demonic cultivation; it's survival competition. It's just a common barter."

"...Isn't that deceiving the other party with the difference in levels? Isn't it just wrapping up forcibly taking something in a plausible way?"

"Hmph, you really haven't met truly vile cultivators. Or maybe you have such overwhelming talent that you don't know what desperation is?"

Yeonwi's words made my facial muscles twitch involuntarily, but I held back.

"Listen well. Even if your talent is superior, as a senior who has lived quite desperately, let me give you some advice. Cultivation is about 'taking.' Taking from demonic cultivators, taking from righteous cultivators, taking from monsters, taking from enemies to elevate oneself. That's cultivation! Take from anyone who stands in your way, whether it's a demon, an enemy, or even a comrade. Even if it's the possession of a betrothed with whom you've promised eternal companionship, take it to complete yourself. That's cultivation!"

Kwaak!

Yeonwi approached me with cold eyes and poked my chest with her finger.

"Stop whining. If you've decided to walk the path of a cultivator, show more determination. Even if the Golden Thunder Sect has declined, weren't you once a member of the main sect? If you've inherited the will of the Golden Thunder Ancestor, be more ruthless!"

Flinch!

For some reason, I felt that the being in front of me was not just Yeonwi. 

'I see....'

She was a descendant of Yang Sujin. Perhaps Yang Sujin didn't just leave his will as a mere thought in the Secheon Peak. All his descendants, including those from the Golden Thunder Sect, inherited his will and passed on the heart of a ruthless cultivator. I was facing Yang Sujin once again.

"...."

But I couldn't simply deny this will. There was too much on my shoulders to deny it.

"...I'm sorry."

"That's enough. So, you understand that you need preparations to accumulate the Five Blessings Foundation, right?"

"Yes."

To obtain the Five Blessings Foundation, we needed the realms of High Power, Ghost King, Purple Gold, Blood Yin, and other intermediate realms. However, those intermediate realms were only needed as 'intermediaries.' What was truly needed was 'power.'

"First, as you said, we need to gather power."

"How will you gather power?"

"I once heard about the characteristics of ghosts in the Black Ghost Bone Valley. I'd like to hear a bit about those characteristics and this Ghost King Realm from you, senior...."

"What is it?"

"...For example...."

I asked Yeonwi about the ghosts and spirit creatures of the Ghost King Realm, and she answered. As expected, it was as I thought, and I told her my plan. Hearing my plan, she laughed in disbelief.

"...Is that... possible?"

"Yes."

"...Ha, it's a pity. How about not returning to the Guanghan Realm and just settling in the Ghost King Realm? If you build power here for about 60,000 years as you said, you could reorganize the Ghost King Realm into five forces instead of the current four!"

She spoke with slight excitement, but seeing that neither I nor Jeon Myeonghun and the others agreed, Yeonwi shrank a bit.

"Hmph, well, if you all want to return, there's no choice. It's just a pity. Anyway, let's gather information about this area and find a suitable place to build power!"

"Yes, let's do that."

We got up and decided to gather information about the nearby area first.

* * *

Step, step....

I parted ways with my companions and walked upstream along the river where we had fallen. My companions decided to go downstream, centered around Jeon Myeonghun, who had mastered the Six Extreme Thunder God Technique, while I went upstream. My companions couldn't use their full strength due to the ghostly energy of the Ghost King Realm, so they moved together, while I, strengthened by the Great Sea of the Desert, was more powerful here than in the Guanghan Realm, so I separated for efficiency in gathering information.

'It's a bit lonely.'

I moved my 19 heads as I walked in my ghost king form. Seorip liked this form, perhaps because it matched her ghostly nature, but I preferred the dignified appearance of General Seo, so I didn't like it much.

Step, step....

I walked and occasionally used the flying technique, moving upstream along the river.

"Hmm... is this a city of the Ghost King Realm?"

I smiled with my 38 eyes glowing with ghostly energy. Far away, at the basin above the large mountain where the river started, I felt the presence of many ghosts.

"Hmm...."

As I went further upstream, a huge fortress, similar to the one I saw in the Water Realm, appeared. There seemed to be no gatekeeper at the fortress gate, but I soon understood why.

"Do you want to enter Black Stream City?"

Rumble!

The upper part of the fortress wall wriggled, and a huge eyeball popped out. At the same time, the gate transformed into a 'mouth.'

'Oh, they've possessed the fortress wall with a ghost?'

The fortress wall itself was both the gatekeeper and the gate. Flying over the wall was impossible due to the dense barrier above, so one had to get permission from this gatekeeper ghost to enter.

"Ghost, I don't know where you're from, but do you have a pass... huh!"

The wall ghost, revealing its face, tried to speak to me but froze upon seeing me.

"...Do you have something to say?"

I asked, puzzled, and the wall ghost stammered and laughed awkwardly.

"N-no, sir. You must be a noble ghost lineage. I was rude to you."

"Hmm, no. It's natural for a gatekeeper."

"Thank you! Actually, to enter Black Stream City, you need to suppress your aura a bit...."

The wall ghost asked me cautiously.

"If you don't want to, you don't have to."

"Alright. If that's the rule of this city, I'll follow it."

I suppressed my aura and asked.

"Is this enough?"

"Th-thank you! Please have a pleasant visit to Black Stream City, sir!"

He awkwardly smiled at my faces and opened his mouth wide to let me in.

"Hmm...."

It seemed that the death aura deeply embedded in my soul was quite effective even in the Ghost King Realm.

'Unlike the human realm, in the Ghost King Realm, if you're recognized as a powerful ghost, you don't need a pass.'

Thinking about it, having a form of death meant having died several times, making one a true ghost. In the world of ghosts, asking a true ghost for identification was quite strange.

As I walked into Black Stream City, I sighed softly.

"Oh...."

'This is more diverse than what I saw in the True Dragon Alliance.'

Various kinds of beings roamed the streets. From normal-looking ghosts to completely grotesque ones, and even monsters like zombies and skeletons. There were countless types of zombies and skeletons, and the same went for ghosts and ghost kings. Just within a five-meter radius, there were:

An old man with a flower basket. A three-headed zombie dog. A lizard made entirely of bones. A transparent ghost that looked like a floating hat and robe. A shadow-like ghost. A black-bodied, faceless egg ghost king. A blood-soaked moving tree ghost. A maiden ghost in a white dress who looked almost human except for her pale complexion.

An incredibly diverse array of beings wandered around.

"So this is the Ghost King Realm...."

As I looked around with interest, the surrounding ghosts emitted a sense of fear and cleared the path wherever I walked, creating a wide road.

"...."

All of them had pale complexions and gloomy auras, which I thought was due to ghostly cultivation. But it seemed it was because of me.

"...Hmm."

As I awkwardly cleared my throat, the ghosts distanced themselves even more.

'...It's really quiet. Do ghosts not shout or haggle like humans?'

As I looked around, I heard a noisy commotion from another street in Black Stream City and headed that way.

'What could be causing such a commotion among these quiet ghosts?'

Soon, I entered the bustling market street of Black Stream City.

"...."

And as I entered, the market street fell silent. Then, the noise from the street I had just left gradually returned to a lively buzz.

Ghosts weren't pale or gloomy because they were ghosts, and they weren't quiet because they were ghostly beings.

'Damn it... was it because of me that this area was so quiet?'

In this regard, the ghosts of the Guanghan Realm and the Water Realm, who screamed at the sight of me, were much better.

'Why is there such a difference between the Ghost King Realm and other realms?'

I turned my gaze to the will-o'-the-wisp that had been loudly promoting its shop to other ghosts.

'It was the loudest and most energetic ghost....'

"Hey."

"Hic!"

The will-o'-the-wisp, with a delicate voice, flinched.

"I have something to ask."

"Y-yes!!! Sir!!! I'm not tasty! I'm just a lowly ghost, so you won't even feel it if you eat me...."

"No, no. I'm not trying to eat you.... I just have a question. Come here."

As I beckoned, the will-o'-the-wisp, emitting a faint aura as if about to faint, turned white. However, the egg ghost, who had been using the will-o'-the-wisp to promote its shop, pushed it towards me in fright.

Thud!

The will-o'-the-wisp, pushed by its master, fell in front of me, trembling in fear. I used a sound transmission technique to ask, so others wouldn't hear.

It wasn't a matter of cultivation level, but why were these ghosts trembling in fear and staying silent instead of going wild?

"I-I don't know. Actually, if you allow me, I'd like to scream too... could you please allow it...."

The will-o'-the-wisp started babbling nonsense in a voice that seemed on the verge of losing its mind.

"Hmm, it seems difficult for you to answer."

I realized I had asked a ghost of too low a level. I returned the will-o'-the-wisp to the egg ghost and looked around.

"Let's see... is there no ghost of at least the Original Spirit level...?"

And just as I muttered that.

Boom!

Suddenly, an explosion occurred in the market street, and a zombie and a tree ghost started running in opposite directions like mad. Both were clearly Original Spirit level ghosts.

"Hey, wait...!"

'Damn it. They misunderstood what I said!'

I concluded that all this was due to the appearance of the Great Sea of the Desert and decided to revert to my human form.

'Even in the Ghost King Realm, I must look like a madman who collects the heads of fellow cultivators. This won't do. Appearance may not be everything, but communication is key. Why did Seorip complete the Great Sea of the Desert in this form....'

The current Great Sea of the Desert was a well-structured and highly complete technique, so even for me, it would take a long time to transform it into a normal appearance. I cursed Seorip's taste inwardly and vowed to do something about the Great Sea of the Desert someday.

Then, I used the shrinking technique to chase the slower tree ghost while gradually releasing the ghost king transformation of the Great Sea of the Desert. I returned to my normal appearance, wearing white clothes.

"Hey, I've changed to a form that won't make you uncomfortable! I'm not trying to harm you; I just want to ask a few questions."

And then.

The tree ghost turned its head to look at me and screamed even more madly.

"Please forgive me, sir! Please! Please! Aaaah!"

Rumble!

The tree ghost, with a face that looked like it was about to faint, used the flying technique, sacrificing its cultivation, and fled outside Black Stream City. I was dumbfounded and touched my face.

'Why are they screaming?'

As I was bewildered, I noticed that the entire street, which had been bustling with ghosts, was now empty. The ghosts had all fled upon seeing my human face.

"...This won't do."

Feeling frustrated, I flew towards the center of Black Stream City, where a ghost king emitting the aura of a Celestial Being was located.

"Hey, are you the lord of Black Stream City?"

In the central palace of Black Stream City, a skeleton ghost wearing rags was sitting cross-legged on the roof of the palace. I sensed several presences inside the palace, but they all seemed to be puppets controlled by the skeleton ghost. And I realized that this ghost king, who seemed to be the lord of Black Stream City, was also terrified of me.

"Y-yes, sir. I am the lord of this city."

"Good. Why is everyone so afraid of me?"

* * *

The lord of Black Stream City, Mangol, trembled as he glanced at the madman in front of him.

'Oh heavens, why do you give me such trials?'