Farewell (1)

I looked at Seo Hyul. Seo Hyul was still smiling faintly.

Bzzzz―

The debate among the Seo Hyuls in my mind came to an end.

―I need to take responsibility.
―The second-level dangerous entity has ultimately taken control of me.
―Then let the 'me' who faced the second-level dangerous entity be sacrificed.
―Good. The decision is made.
―Retrieve the axis.

Buzzz!

Simultaneously, the axes of Su, Bu, Gangnyeong, and Yuho-deok left my body, transcending their positions and disappearing somewhere. I could have grabbed them, but I felt a sense of urgency that it would be dangerous to hold onto the axes, so I let them go and looked at the 'Seo Hyuls' in front of me.

Rustle, rustle, rustle…!

In an instant, three Seo Hyuls turned into complete salt and melted away.

"I see. So that's how you avoided the influence of the true immortals."

Seo Hyul hadn't melted even after hearing the word 'fishing boat.' He had only pretended to be fine in front of me, passing the influence onto Seorip, just as I had almost vomited in front of Taeyeoljeon.

As I completely digested Seo Hyul and made him mine, I no longer heard the debates among the Seo Hyuls. But I knew enough. By turning those three Seo Hyuls into salt, the other Seo Hyuls would no longer turn into salt. However, there were still about ten Seo Hyuls left in front of me. Of course, all of them were at the Celestial Human level. The Seo Hyul who had taken over the body of a disciple of the Black Scale Ghost Sect was slightly better, but still at the level of the Four Axes.

Swoosh―

I moved my regained body.

Crack―

As I rubbed my face, it returned to its original state, and my hair turned black.

Buzz!

When I activated the clothing spell, my blue long robe turned into a white martial arts uniform.

"Now, finally…."

A body that felt stable. The body that Seo Hyul had made into the Four Axes. And the Myriad Connections that had settled within me. It was my body.

Rumble―

I moved the body that Seo Hyul had left me, the body of the Four Axes. Every action was imbued with gravity.

Buzz―

'Seo Hyul left something behind.'

Inside my upper dantian, I realized that Seo Hyul had left something before he was completely digested by me. However, I didn't feel any malice from it; rather, it felt like something he had to leave behind.

As I slowly interpreted what was inside my upper dantian, I drew the Colorless Glass Sword.

'This familiar and heavy sensation….'

It was definitely the Colorless Glass Sword.

"Good."

I stroked the Colorless Glass Sword with one hand. The Colorless Glass Sword hummed as if it were alive.

Sizzle―

A multicolored intangible sword imbued itself into the Colorless Glass Sword.

Buzz!

The familiar Three-Talented Diagram returned behind my head. However, the diagram representing the mind and the diagram representing the earth formed a normal Three-Talented Diagram, while the diagram representing the heavens rotated separately on the outer edge of the other two diagrams. It seemed to be a phenomenon caused by the inconsistency in realms. Of course, it didn't matter much.

"It won't be a problem to kill you, Seo Hyul."

The remaining ten Seo Hyuls just smiled faintly.

"Hehe, I hope you don't forget that it was my technique that allowed Seo Dou to achieve the Four Axes."

Crack, crack!

My body started to lose control again. However, I activated the circuits embedded in my body.

Buzz―

The circuits began to glow brightly and hum.

Crack, crack, crack!

Ignoring Seo Hyul's control, I started to move my body.

"It seems you can't gauge my strength…."

Seorip stood beside me. He nodded and transformed his body into the Ghost King with eighteen heads. He had changed his body into a ghost form. In the case of the ghost form of the Black Scale Ghost Sect, it was a body that existed on the level of qi rather than a physical body like a zombie or a monster. In other words, Seorip's transformation into the Ghost King allowed him to possess others.

Swoosh―

Seorip possessed my body. Simultaneously, Seorip's power harmonized the heavens, earth, and mind.

Rumble―

The Three-Talented Diagram, which had been out of harmony, completely aligned, and a volcanic force began to surge through my entire body. Originally, the power was at the early stage of the fusion level, but it reached the mid-stage and then the late stage of the fusion level.

Rumble!

However, it seemed that there was still a difference within the stages of the fusion level, as it didn't reach the Great Circle. But….

"Even this much should be enough to deal with Hyeonwon."

Rumble―

I took a step forward. Then, I swung the Colorless Glass Sword imbued with the intangible sword towards Seo Hyul.

Boom―

"Ho…."

Surprisingly, Seo Hyul wasn't turned into a bloody pulp.

"Hehe, Seo Dou. How about we take a moment to talk?"

"No."

I firmly refused and raised my sword again. At that moment.

Gasp!

I felt an inexplicable sense of foreboding from Seo Hyul's gaze and stepped back.

"Hmm…."

Seo Hyul smiled faintly and reached out to the other 'Seo Hyuls' around him.

"If your power is at that level, I will have to use a special measure."

He revealed reptilian eyes and extended his arms with the body of a disciple of the Black Scale Ghost Sect.

"Originally, I didn't want to use this for fear of provoking karmic fire, but given the situation, I have no choice."

Buzz!

Red energy began to swirl in his hands. Blood-red demonic energy started to boil from his hands.

"Blood Sacrifice Ritual. Blood Yin Return."

Simultaneously, the ten 'Seo Hyuls' around him were drawn towards the 'Seo Hyul' who had taken over the body of a disciple of the Black Scale Ghost Sect, becoming a handful of flesh and being absorbed into his hands.

Crack, crack, crack!

His body began to mutate. A blood mist enveloped him.

'Wonlip?'

In that blood mist, I felt a similar sensation to the Blood Sacrifice technique of Wonlip.

After a while, the blood mist cleared, revealing Seo Hyul in a dark red long robe. His face was identical to Seo Hyul's, but his hair was black, and his hands, which had absorbed the other 'Seo Hyuls,' had about ten 'eyeballs' protruding from them. It was a rather grotesque appearance. However, I could simultaneously feel a sense of dread.

Rumble!

I sensed the energy of the fusion level from him.

"For the next one shichen, I am no different from a fusion-level cultivator."

"You burned the lives and souls of other Celestial Human cultivators."

"Something like that."

"That's quite ruthless, considering it's not even originally yours."

"Hehe, in a fight…."

"Alright, shut up."

Buzz―

I no longer listened to Seo Hyul's words and approached him, raising the Colorless Glass Sword again.

'I don't feel the foreboding I felt earlier.'

The reason I couldn't turn Seo Hyul into a bloody pulp earlier was simply because he had tampered with the technique that made me into the Four Axes. But now, even that trick had been shattered by my power, rendering it meaningless. Now I could go all out.

Boom!

The entire area of the Dragon Suppression Formation trembled with a single strike.

Rumble―

Seo Hyul fell through the floor of the Phoenix Layer, crashing down to the first floor, the Water Flow Layer.

"Huff…."

I looked at the holes in the floors of the Phoenix Layer and the Earth Layer, then jumped down to completely crush Seo Hyul.

"Die."

Seo Hyul couldn't even react as his upper body was crushed under my foot.

Boom!

An earthquake shook the entire Water Flow Layer. The burning Water Flow Layer was momentarily vacuumed by the wind pressure caused by my strike, extinguishing all the flames in an instant. I continued to press Seo Hyul in the vacuum state.

―――――!

There was no sound. Only the space itself vibrated, resonating throughout the entire Dragon Suppression Formation. After a while, as the air returned, I grabbed Seo Hyul's head and slammed it into the ground, running.

Thud, thud, thud, thud―

The body that Seo Hyul had raised to the Four Axes level quickly traversed the Water Flow Layer, which spanned dozens of li. I ran around, intending to grind Seo Hyul's body to dust.

"Fusion level, huh. Quite impressive. So what?"

Even if Hyeonwon came directly, I wouldn't be afraid. There was no reason to fear Seo Hyul anymore. Although it would be difficult to kill the billions of 'Seo Hyuls,' I could at least stop his tricks. His upper body was ground away, and soon he would be completely turned into a roasted dragon and scattered. At that moment.

Flash!

Seo Hyul, whose upper body was being ground away, reached out to me with his eyeball-covered arm. The eyes on his arm shrank and met my gaze.

'This is…!'

This was it. 'This' was what had given me that sense of foreboding earlier!

Bzzzz―

"Ugh…!"

I stopped in my tracks and focused all my energy on my mind. It was overwhelming. Seo Hyul's very personality was pouring into me, trying to brainwash me. It was on a different level from when Seo Hyul had slowly tried to brainwash me.

"Ughhh―"

I gritted my teeth and stopped in place, clutching my head. Focus on the mental image! 'On the mental image!'

"Hehe, you are indeed terrifying, Seo Dou."

Twitch, twitch….

He began to regenerate his upper body and seemed to be preparing to attack me with the unique techniques of the Blood Yin Sect. However, Seorip, who was possessing me, moved my body and shouted.

"Azure Scale Armor!"

Swoosh!

The clear tears of the haetae fell and covered my body.

Sizzle―

As the haetae's tears fell on the Water Flow Layer, the flames that had been burning throughout the Water Flow Layer were extinguished in an instant, and water spouted from various parts of the Water Flow Layer, creating streams.

Boom!

Seo Hyul's technique directly hit the Azure Scale Armor, but the Azure Scale Armor nullified all its power and protected me.

"You…."

I barely held onto my fading consciousness and glared at Seo Hyul.

"That…."

One of the eyes on the arm that Seo Hyul had extended towards me closed. Although Seo Hyul didn't explain it, I instinctively understood. The demonic technique of the Blood Yin Sect. Seo Hyul had sacrificed one of the personalities he had absorbed to cast the brainwashing spell on me.

'If he sacrifices his personality, he can brainwash the opponent with much greater force?'

But I didn't understand.

"Why?"

"What do you mean, Seo Dou?"

"When I entered you… I felt billions of 'you.'"

"…."

"If you had sacrificed just about a hundred of those billions to attack me… I wouldn't have been able to resist and would have been brainwashed by you. No, maybe you could brainwash any fusion-level cultivator in the Guanghan Realm immediately. Isn't it possible if you sacrifice tens of thousands of personalities? So why don't you do that?"

Seo Hyul gave a gentle smile at my question. For some reason, I felt like Seo Hyul was showing his true feelings for the first time.

"…Those 'resources' are not meant to be used on the likes of you. I have someone else I truly want to brainwash."

"…I see. Is that your goal?"

"Hehe, who knows?"

If the true goal of the Ghost Army was to recall the most beautiful time and die, then Seo Hyul's true goal was to brainwash 'someone.'

"That wasn't a lie, was it?"

"I always speak the truth."

"You're confusing."

I barely shook off Seo Hyul's influence and laughed. Seo Hyul also laughed and said.

"Well, if you want to hear the answer you want, what I just said wasn't a lie."

"Ho…."

"Think of it as sacrificing flesh to gain bones."

Simultaneously, Seo Hyul extended his arms towards me.

"…!"

"Now, then. Shall we see if I can brainwash Seo Dou by burning everything I have?"

"This, this is…!"

My body wouldn't budge. 'I see, you sacrificed your personality too?' It was brainwashing that burned his personality and implanted it into me. I had clearly escaped the brainwashing. But to escape the mental waves he had scattered, I had become defenseless, and in that gap, Seorip had wrapped my body in the Azure Scale Armor to protect me. Seo Hyul had pretended to give me information and, just like before, sacrificed another personality to brainwash the [Azure Scale Armor].

The Azure Scale Armor bound my body. Because it was the tears of the haetae, Seo Hyul's personality was melting inside the Azure Scale Armor, but it was enough to bind me for a while. My body wouldn't move. At this rate, I would be hit by his brainwashing waves again. In a moment of life and death, Seorip laughed.

'What?'

Thud―

Seo Hyul's body also froze like mine. Then, an old man in black clothes, smoking a long pipe, walked out from behind Seo Hyul.

"As you commanded, I was secretly following and hiding at the entrance, Master."

Seorip shouted from inside me with a burst of spirit.

"Yes, Master."

Hongbeom released poison powder from his sleeve and scattered it. The poison powder flowed into both Seo Hyul and my body, dispersing the magical power.

'Ah, I see.'

The poison that Hongbeom had made when he went to the territory of the Four Axes last time.

"The effect won't last long. At most… about one shichen."

I smiled brightly.

"That's enough."

Crack!

I realized that Seo Hyul's will embedded in the Azure Scale Armor had completely melted away. I moved the Azure Scale Armor and escaped, then moved behind Seo Hyul, who was frozen by Hongbeom's poison.

Crack!

Grabbing Seo Hyul's shoulder with a rough hand, I whispered in his ear.

"How does it feel to have your shoulder grabbed from behind, Seo Hyul?"

"…."

He just smiled.

"Now it's my turn. Shall we have a good time for one shichen?"

Crunch!

My hand completely crushed his shoulder.

"Hongbeom, cover your ears."

"Yes."

Now it's time for an interesting interrogation.

"Seo Hyul, do you know the existence of Gangnyeong Jwajoo, the deputy chief inspector, and the high-ranking official Hae Nyeong?"

Splat!

Blood spurted from Seo Hyul's seven orifices like a fountain.