My name is (3) Woo-woong! 

‘Hmm, the main body has become a Taesu.’ 

I was sitting in meditation next to the entrance of Heuksaek Guigol Valley, in a place called Daeguidong, receiving signals from the main body. 

In fact, the term "main body" was strange because the main body and I were currently sharing all senses, thoughts, and emotions, so there was no real distinction between us. 

‘Well, our names are different.’ 

Seorip, what a terrible name. I named it on a whim, but where could there be a more dreadful name? No matter how many times I thought about it, it was a name that filled me with horror and self-loathing. 

“Do I just wait here?” 

“Yes. Just wait a bit in Daeguidong.” 

“Understood!” 

The guard of the entrance, Baekgol Wonyounggi, a disciple of Baekjin, entered Daeguidong, looking around before sitting next to me. His aura was at the early stage of Wonyoung. 

“Ah, senior. Are you also here to join Heuksaek Guigol Valley?” 

According to Baekjin, generally, if a non-victorious person at the level of Cheonin-gi swears loyalty, they are immediately given the position of elder in Heuksaek Guigol Valley. Once trust is built in the elder position, they become a senior elder. 

However, since ‘Seorip’ was only at the mid-stage of Wonyoung, he couldn't be given the elder position right away. Instead, they said they would allow him to take a test to become a Yin Soul disciple of Heuksaek Guigol Valley. 

The hierarchy of Heuksaek Guigol Valley was divided into five stages. 

A disciple at the level of Yeongi-gi was called Munryeong. 

A disciple at the level of Chukgi-gi was called Siryung. 

A talented disciple at the level of Chukgi-gi was called Sihon. 

A disciple at the level of Gyeoldan-gi was called Guihon. 

A disciple at the level of Wonyoung-gi was called Yin Soul. 

This was the hierarchy of disciples in Heuksaek Guigol Valley. 

And only those at the level of Wonyoung-gi and above had the potential to reach Cheonin-gi. A Wonyoung-gi Yin Soul with high potential was called a Guardian. 

Cheonin-gi was called an Elder. 

Among Cheonin-gi, those with high trust or loyalty, or those with significant contributions within the sect, and those with the potential to reach Sachuk-gi, were given the position of Senior Elder. 

From the mid-level, the hierarchy was determined by color. 

Sachuk-gi was called a Black Senior Elder. 

Hapche-gi was called a Blue Senior Elder. 

Swaeseong-gi was called a Green Senior Elder. 

It was said that there were no Green Senior Elders in the Guanghan realm, and they only existed in the Minggui realm where the main sect of Guigol Valley was located. 

And if what I heard from Jangik in my past life was true, there were no Green Senior Elders in the Minggui realm either. They were probably dispatched to the expedition to find the Buae realm of Yangsujin. 

‘Heuksaek Guigol Valley has a deep history and foundation.’ 

Even in Changcheon Gaebyeokmun or Geumsin Cheonroemun, the highest hierarchy was only up to Sachuk-gi, but Heuksaek Guigol Valley had a hierarchy up to Swaeseong-gi. 

And currently, they said they would accept me as a Yin Soul disciple if I passed the entrance test of Heuksaek Guigol Valley. 

Originally, external people, no matter how high their Wonyoung-gi level, had to prove their abilities and take the Guihon disciple test to enter. 

However, since I had already proven my abilities at the mid-stage of Wonyoung, they said they would give me a test at the Yin Soul level. 

But there was one annoying thing about this method. 

“Haha, Investigator Seo. So, when I was capturing that ghostly creature….” 

To take the Yin Soul test, at least five people had to gather, but so far, only the talkative Huh Namkwon and I were ready for the test. 

Thanks to that, while the main body was advancing smoothly with the title of Taesu, I had to keep waiting in this damp and rotten-smelling Daeguidong, listening to Huh Namkwon's nonsense. 

‘He said he was a collateral descendant of Black Senior Elder Huh Ryeong.’ 

I heard that he was from a collateral family that the main family didn't care about, like the Cheongmun family of the Su-gye. 

But among that collateral family, he somehow stood out and reached the early stage of Wonyoung, so he was specially allowed to take the Yin Soul test. 

“Haha, I actually debated a lot between joining Heuksaek Guigol Valley and Yin Soul Ghost Sect among the six major human sects.” 

I sighed inwardly as I glanced at the chattering Huh Namkwon. His intention was light pink. 

‘What does this guy think my gender is?’ 

It seemed he was trying to make a move on me because of Wonyu's beauty. 

“Even though the Ghost Demon is one of my distant ancestors, he's from over 30 generations ago…. Actually, Yin Soul Ghost Sect has been winning the competition against Heuksaek Guigol Valley recently. So I didn't even consider Heuksaek Guigol Valley, but haha, I didn't expect Heuksaek Guigol Valley to suddenly overwhelm and merge with Yin Soul Ghost Sect, turning the six major human sects into five.” 

‘The five major human sects….’ 

Yes, Heuksaek Guigol Valley succeeded in merging Yin Soul Ghost Sect into Heuksaek Guigol Valley using the Seopmyeongham they brought up from the lower realm around the time we faced the heavenly tribulation in Noryeongdo. 

I didn't know that and only knew about the six major human sects, but in reality, it had turned into the five major human sects. 

‘Well, I heard that Yin Soul Ghost Sect originally split off from Heuksaek Guigol Valley's demonic sect, so….’ 

Since they were originally one, there was no big problem in merging them. 

“Ahem. By the way, Seonja…?” 

Annoyed by Huh Namkwon's advances, I glared at him and said, “We’re not close enough for you to call me Seonja. And I never said I was a woman.” 

“Ah, no…!” 

Huh Namkwon seemed greatly shocked and stepped back, his pupils dilated. 

“That face, and you're not a woman…?” 

“….” 

‘I never cared about Wonyu's face, but… this is very uncomfortable.’ 

I pondered for a moment and then rubbed my face. 

Woo-woong! 

Then, the demonic energy of Blood Demon Jinhekwang covered my face, and a black, mist-like mask similar to the one Wonyu used to wear covered my face. 

‘Damn, this really makes me feel like Wonyu.’ 

No, in fact, it was no different from Wonyu when I switched to Wonyu's body in the 10th cycle. 

I felt utterly disgusted by that fact. 

‘I can't use the Black Demon Mask technique because it's disgusting. I should just buy a mask and wear it.’ 

As I completely covered my face with a black mask, Huh Namkwon seemed to feel that there was no room for conversation and shrank into a corner of Daeguidong. 

How long did we wait in Daeguidong? 

Three days passed. 

Step, step…. 

Baekjin entered Daeguidong with three people. 

“Now, we have enough people. Do you want to take the entrance test now, or wait for more people to gather? Five is the minimum number, so you can wait, or take it now. But if you fail this time, you can only take the Guihon test, not the Yin Soul test.” 

A muscular man with a bald head and tattoos, a man in black clothes who looked like a corpse, and a woman who looked like a ghost in a white shroud. 

The bald tattooed man was at the late stage of Wonyoung, and the corpse-like man and the ghostly woman were both at the peak of Wonyoung. 

The bald tattooed man looked at Huh Namkwon and me alternately and clicked his tongue. 

“Mid-stage Wonyoung? And early stage? I'd rather wait for two more people than take the test with such weaklings.” 

The corpse-like man said nothing, and the ghostly woman just laughed crazily. 

‘Fake madness.’ 

Knowing the madness of the Gwaegun, the weak madness shown by the ghostly woman seemed very clumsy to me. 

“What, why is no one saying anything?” 

It was Huh Namkwon who answered the bald man's question. 

“Hey, I don't know how great you are….” 

Boom! 

Then, the bald man suddenly rushed at Huh Namkwon and smashed his head. 

“…!” 

Huh Namkwon struggled in pain as he regenerated his head, and the bald man laughed and looked at me. 

“If you can't endure this level of pain, how about you? You don't mind waiting for two more people, right?” 

Seeing him raise his fist at me, I smirked and said, “Sorry, but I came to Daeguidong first and waited a long time. I don't want to wait any longer….” 

“I'll help you be patient.” 

Boom! 

He kicked off the ground and rushed at me. 

‘He has mastered the art of flexibility.’ 

His body was quite sturdy. 

But I calmly extended my arm and deflected his punch with Huagyeong. 

“Huh, huh?” 

While he was flustered, I used Geumnasu to twist his arm behind his back and subdued him. 

Crack! 

“Aaaargh!” 

“For someone who said others couldn't endure having their head smashed, you're quite a crybaby. The people I know would have just ripped off or cut off their arm to escape. Don't you have that kind of guts?” 

If it were a Su-gye monk, they would have cut off the part of their body that was grabbed and escaped. 

But this guy, being from the Guanghan realm, didn't seem to have that level of determination. 

“You… you bastard…!” 

Crack! 

As strong corpse energy emanated from his body, trying to push me away, I pushed the demonic energy of Blood Demon Jinhekwang into his body, blocking his energy channels. 

As the sticky, blood-red demonic energy blocked his energy channels, the bald tattooed man couldn't gather his energy and was completely subdued by me. 

“Stay still.” 

“You…!” 

I lowered my head and met his eyes. 

My eyes glowed red inside the black demon mask. 

He was probably seeing Wonyu's red eyes glowing inside the black demon mask. 

“Before I kill you.” 

“…!” 

Facing my killing intent, he froze. 

Even an ordinary Cheonin-gi monk couldn't imagine the amount of killing intent I had. 

I had fought countless battles. 

Even though Seorip was my clone, my killing intent was now beyond the level that a Wonyoung-gi monk could handle. 

“….” 

He broke out in a cold sweat and avoided my gaze, and I turned to look at the Wonyoung-gi peak monks who were watching with interest. 

I met the eyes of the corpse-like man and the ghostly woman. 

“Do you two have any objections to taking the test with the current number of people?” 

The corpse-like man awkwardly smiled, trying to erase his corpse-like impression, and the ghostly woman, as if her madness had been cured, straightened her back and smiled politely. 

“No objections.” 

“Me neither….” 

I looked at Huh Namkwon. 

He, too, seemed to have felt my killing intent and his face had turned pale like a corpse. 

“I, I am very satisfied.” 

I gathered the unanimous opinions and conveyed them to Baekjin. 

“It seems everyone is eager to take the test as soon as possible.” 

Baekjin, who had been watching us, nodded and said, “Then, let's start the entrance test for Heuksaek Guigol Valley. Follow me.” 

He led us somewhere with his hands behind his back, and we arrived at a place full of thorny vines inside the valley of Guigol Valley. 

I noticed the nature of the thorny vines and my eyes glowed. 

Before I knew it, Baekjin, who had been guiding us, had disappeared. 

It seemed we had entered a formation. 

Baekjin's voice filled the space full of thorny vines. 

Crack! 

Before Baekjin's words were even finished, I grabbed one of the thorny vines. 

“Curse Reversal.”