**Return to Cultivation (回歸修仙傳) Chapter 382: Together with Everyone (4)**

My head is foggy. The sunlight is clear. And, a flood of confusing information rushes into my mind. Age: 30. Hobbies: gambling, drinking, and carousing. Occupation: charcoal burner. Single...

My head felt like it was splitting. It seemed like I had a dream. I was Seo Eunhyun, a charcoal burner. But it felt like I had a strange dream while I was asleep. I had lived for thousands of years...

Suddenly! I grabbed my head and shouted. "I am me!" These are memories I can never forget. How could I forget who I am? I am not Seo Eunhyun, the charcoal burner! I am Seo Eunhyun from the soap company!

"I am Seo Eunhyun!" I stood up, clutching my head. I hadn't forgotten. Just a moment ago, I was looking at the slopes of Salt Mountain outside Bongrae Island, and I had fainted after being hit by the light emitted by Salt Mountain.

'Yukrin said that when you enter Bongrae Island, you fall into the illusionary formation of Bongrae Island and become a character within the formation.' And this formation changes every time to suit us. 'At least this much is certain.' Yukrin wasn't lying when he said this, and it was a fact we had learned after interrogating him for over a hundred years.

As I stood up, holding my throbbing head and organizing the situation, I heard murmuring around me. When I came to my senses and looked around, I found myself on a small platform in front of a thatched house. Beyond the low fence of the thatched house, people who seemed to be neighbors were whispering while looking at me.

"That Seo guy, he must be out of his mind after drinking so much yesterday."

"Hey, let's just go on our way. If we get caught by that thug again, it'll be trouble!"

"Ugh, having a thug like him in the village makes me uneasy."

"By the way, what's he doing today?"

"Who knows. Maybe he's planning to abandon someone in the mountains again!"

"Good grief, what a terrible guy. Such an unfilial wretch!"

"..."

I assessed the situation by looking at the memories implanted in my head and the reactions of the people around me. 'The original setting of Seo Eunhyun, the charcoal burner in this formation, is that his parents died of a plague when he was 13, and he has lived in this village without getting married, behaving like a thug until he turned 30.'

It seemed like a very detailed formation. When I looked around at the neighbors, they all ran away, exuding an aura as if they had stepped in something unpleasant. '...Wait, some of them didn't seem to see the aura. Is it just my imagination?'

I reached out my hand, trying to pull the mountain behind Seo Eunhyun's house with my strength. But my strength didn't work. I tried to summon other techniques like Cheonrinsu Haeseong or Daemak Saeseong, or even Gyuto Jangseong Gong, but I couldn't feel anything.

"Hmm..." I pulled out a straw used to make the fence and swung it on the platform. Whoosh! I had trained with a sword for thousands of years. Even without any energy, just swinging the straw left a mark on the platform. I looked at the mark for a moment and then swung the straw at my arm. Slash- My arm was cut, and blood oozed out.

'The muscle strength and toughness of my body, built up with the Changryeong Seonggwang Ochae Dae Beop, have all returned to an ordinary level.' When I tried to focus my consciousness on my dantian, I realized that even my consciousness had reverted to its mortal state. 'This is...'

Of course, even without consciousness, there was no problem in observing my own body, so I could calmly observe my dantian. 'The golden core is gone.' The treasures inside were also gone. I had completely reverted to the level of Seo Eunhyun at the beginning of his ascension. 'No, not quite.'

Thinking about it, it wasn't to that extent. Seo Eunhyun, the charcoal burner in this formation, always had blackened hands and rough skin from working with charcoal. "Hoo..." I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. And then I felt something strange. 'There's no qi.'

Surprisingly, I couldn't feel any energy in the atmosphere. I recalled the incident at the hot spring on the surface of Raeseonghae, caused by Jangik, and tried to summon the Chongcheon Sword with my strength. But. "..."

Nothing happened. "...Damn it." It seemed like the fundamental laws of this world were twisted. "That bastard Yukrin..." How could this be just an illusion! It was practically another world! Although I wasn't too afraid since I still had the ability to see auras and my martial skills, I was annoyed to find out that some of Yukrin's information was wrong. 'That bastard said we could use qi...'

But as I searched through the memories of Seo Eunhyun, the charcoal burner, I found out that there were also monsters in this world. I held my head. 'Damn it, can the yokai use their powers in this world?' So, Yukrin's statement that he could use qi wasn't a lie from his perspective.

I gritted my teeth and looked around to find my comrades or the members of the Wugeuk Cult. Although I had some rough memories as Seo Eunhyun, the charcoal burner, not all the memories were complete. I found Yeonwi nearby. She was in a clean outfit, playing with her three-year-old son in the tiled house across from mine. 'That son looks like Yeonjin...'

"Um... Yeonwi Elder." I spoke to her, and she looked at me with a fierce glare, went to the kitchen, grabbed a rice paddle, and slapped me across the face. "Are you here to ask for rice again! You shameless thing! Get out! The only thing I can give you is the rice stuck to your cheek, so get lost!"

"Hmm, dear. Why are you making such a fuss?" "Oh, honey, that village rascal is here again?" Creak- The door inside the tiled house opened, and a man who looked like Heonwon peeked out. He clicked his tongue when he saw me and said, "Poor young man. Dear, please understand. Didn't I tell you many times that Seo's parents helped our parents in the past? Just give him a bowl of rice and send him away."

"Ugh... Okay, honey." Yeonwi trembled and reluctantly went to the kitchen, scooped a bowl of rice, and handed it to me. "Ugh, why do I have to give our precious rice, which I should feed to my husband and son, to a beggar like you..." She handed me the rice with trembling hands, and I received it in confusion.

"Now that you've got the rice, get lost! And if you come back talking about your parents' grace again, I'll give you a beating!" After I received the rice, she kicked me out of the gate and slammed the door shut. I looked at the rice I received. It was mixed with pebbles and sand. "...Judging by her personality, she is definitely Yeonwi."

I recalled the husband who looked like Heonwon. 'He didn't have an aura.' I remembered Yukrin's words. 'This formation creates illusions based on the target's memories.' Yeonwi's husband seemed to be a pure character created from her memories. 'Then the neighbors who had auras...'

I remembered their appearances and realized they were people I had seen in the Wugeuk Cult. 'I see, the cult members are set as their living selves, not as ghosts.' I frowned. 'But why hasn't Yeonwi come to her senses yet?' I had already come to my senses, but she still seemed to think she was a character in this world.

'Yeonwi had the consciousness level of a Sa Chuk Gi.' Despite that, she had lost her essence and was faithfully following the setting of this world. 'I need to find other comrades...' I decided to take a look around the village. As I walked around the village, I realized that my reputation was terrible. Children started crying as soon as they saw my face, village maidens who were chatting happily turned serious and walked as far away from me as possible, and the elderly who seemed to be village elders trembled in fear and ran away with their canes. The strong young men of the village spat on the ground when I approached.

'Damn it, why is my setting that of a thug?' Then, I stopped in my tracks. I had spotted Kim Yeon and Buk Hyanghwa ahead. They were walking down the road, laughing. Their appearance was so similar to their appearance in the Wugeuk Cult that I approached them, hoping they might remember me. "Excuse me..."

But Kim Yeon and Buk Hyanghwa recoiled in horror and stepped back. "Kyaa! You scoundrel! What are you trying to do to us!" "Get away from Yeon Unni, you pervert! What are you trying to do again!" Kim Yeon stepped back with a terrified face, and Buk Hyanghwa also stepped back while blocking my way.

"Wait, I have something to say." I was taken aback by the fact that even Kim Yeon, who had a consciousness level surpassing the Great Unity, hadn't come to her senses, and I approached them. 'If even Kim Yeon, who has the largest consciousness level, hasn't come to her senses, how can one come to their senses in this formation? Do they need some kind of stimulus?'

As I approached, Buk Hyanghwa's face became increasingly fierce, and she pulled out a small silver dagger from her bosom. "Hey, calm down. I just need to check something!" "Are you trying to check our undergarments, you villain! If you come any closer, I'll swing this!" "No, Buk Hyanghwa, just put that down for a moment..."

"Get! Your hands off!!!" Whoosh, whoosh! Buk Hyanghwa swung the silver dagger at me with a fierce cry, and I reached out in surprise. "Hey, stop swinging that, it's dangerous!" I quickly grabbed Buk Hyanghwa's hand and subdued her. Kim Yeon, with tears in her eyes, grabbed my pants and started pleading. "P-Please, don't touch Hyanghwa! R-Rather, touch me!"

"No, that's not it..." At that moment. Whoosh! I felt something flying at me from behind, and I turned around to catch the flying stone. "Oh...! You're here too." I waved my hand with a pleased face at Jeon Myunghun, who had thrown the stone at me with an angry face. "Hey, Jeon Myunghun! Do you remember me?"

But Jeon Myunghun approached me with an angry face and slapped me across the face. "...?" 'It's been a while since he hit me...' Since he was always angry, I tried to talk to him to see if he had regained his memories. "Hey, why are you hitting me all of a sudden?" But Jeon Myunghun pointed his finger at me angrily. "Shut up! You thug, stop bothering the village maidens! Don't you know the village is in turmoil because of you! Do you think I'll let you off just because we were friends before! If you keep causing trouble in the village, I'll ask my sister to kick you out of the village!"

He raised his hand as if to slap me again, and at that moment, a woman pulled him back. "No! Honey, how can you hit our son right in front of him?" "What? What are you talking about?" I shuddered as I looked at her. She looked like Geum Sohae. She awkwardly smiled at me while pulling Jeon Myunghun back. "Haha, hello. We'll be going now."

Geum Sohae, or rather the character who looked like her, grabbed Jeon Myunghun's wrist and hurriedly left with him. Jeon Myunghun entered the tiled house where Yeonwi was. It seemed that the 'sister' Jeon Myunghun mentioned was Yeonwi. Thanks to Jeon Myunghun grabbing me, Buk Hyanghwa and Kim Yeon quickly ran away and disappeared from my sight. I sighed. "...Damn it."

When I woke up, I had become the thug charcoal burner of Bongrae Island.