My name is (5). I wandered around the Great Cemetery for a long time. The tombstones in the Great Cemetery seemed endless, and no matter how much I walked or occasionally flew, I couldn't see the end. 

'Well, that's not the problem.' The real issue was that the 'Ghost Kings' that Huo Guo mentioned were nowhere to be seen. 

'Where on earth do I have to go to meet these Ghost Kings?' Whether I leave this place or not, it all starts with meeting these so-called Ghost Kings. 

'This is a strange space.' I thought as I looked at the endless plain of tombstones. It couldn't be this endless. Even if there was a plain of this size in the Guanghan Realm, something should change if I kept moving. At the very least, there should be a change in the heavenly and earthly spiritual energy, but this strange space just stretched out endlessly without any such changes. 

'And, I feel a sense of déjà vu….' I felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity as I looked at the Great Cemetery. At first, I didn't realize it, but as I kept looking, I felt like I had been here before. 

'Hmm….' I focused on my Yuan Energy while walking. It was then. 

"Hmm?" I realized something was off. 

"Wait, this is…." 

Wooong! I spread my fingers and moved the demonic energy within me. The demonic energy flowed out from my fingertips, forming a mirror in front of me. When I looked into the mirror, I was startled. 

'My face…!' At some point, my face had changed from Yuan Yu's to my original form, Seo Eun-hyeon. Not only that, but my attire had also changed from Yuan Yu's blood-colored robe to the martial arts uniform I usually wore. The only difference was the color of the uniform. My martial arts uniform had turned completely black. 

'When did my appearance change? No, more importantly, if I change like this, will my identity be exposed? No, that's not it….' As I observed my state, I realized why I had suddenly reverted to my original appearance. 

'Yes. This place called the Great Cemetery reflects the form of the soul unconsciously. Even if I use the name Seolip, I am still Seo Eun-hyeon, so I reverted to my original form at some point.' 

I would probably return to Seolip's form as soon as I left the Great Cemetery. 

'But there's something strange….' I looked at the black martial arts uniform. 

'Why did the uniform turn black?' And for some reason, I could answer my own question. 

'Death…. My changed appearance in this Great Cemetery is related to death. Probably, anyone who came here wearing clothes other than white would have their clothes turned black….' 

Suddenly, I felt like I knew why I couldn't see the Ghost Kings. 

'When I found Seoran and Seomyeongham before… the minor ghosts living near Seomyeongham called me a great ghost….' 

Maybe, because the 'death' accumulated in me had become even stronger than back then, something had happened. 

'For example, it's not that the Ghost Kings are invisible, but they sensed my energy and ran away….' That seemed more plausible. 

"Hmm…." If that's the case, there's only one way. I sat down in a lotus position and took a deep breath. If the Ghost Kings were running away from me, making them invisible…. 

'I just have to chase them faster than they can run away.' Until now, I had been walking slowly or flying without using any speed techniques because the Great Cemetery felt like a sacred place similar to the Black Ghost Valley. But it seemed I had been too polite. 

'These damned bastards, they should at least welcome a guest….' I began to circulate my True Essence around me. 

'How dare they not even greet me and run away?' 

One, two, three, four…. Seven, eight, nine…. And then. Ten, eleven, twelve…. The number of True Essence rings around me kept increasing. In the world of mental imagery, the number of my clones around me gradually increased. 

During the Dengfeng period, the maximum number of True Essence rings was nine. During the Lichen period, the True Essence rings disappeared as they merged with the Formless Sword, and during the Dachen period, I could accelerate with a maximum of ten True Essence rings as they merged with my inner core. 

Of course, during the Dachen period, the efficiency of acceleration with the Formless Sword alone easily exceeded ten times, so I didn't feel the need to create more True Essence rings. 

And now, having reached the Jichen period, I felt that the number of True Essence rings I could create had 'squared.' As my 'mind' awakened within the Formless Sword, I could create ten Formless Swords. I could create ten of myself. And as the Formless Swords and I intertwined, my mental power amplified, allowing me to create 10*10, or 100 True Essence rings. 

A hundred mental imagery clones appeared around me. 

"Merge." 

Pababababat! 

As the hundred mental imagery clones merged into me, the world began to slow down. Yuan Yu's body wasn't accustomed to the Formless Sword, so it couldn't exert its full power. But simply accelerating with True Essence rings wasn't a problem. 

Flash! 

Using the speed technique while accelerating a hundred times, I began to fly madly towards a certain direction. 

Kugugugugu! 

This speed far surpassed the speed of a Celestial Being, reaching the level of an early-stage Asura. 

How long did I fly through the Great Cemetery like that? I confirmed the waves of mental imagery in the distance and smiled. 

'As expected, I found them!' 

As I thought, it wasn't that the Ghost Kings were invisible; they had sensed my energy and were running away. The waves of fear were getting closer. And then, I felt a terrifying ghostly wail. 

"Hmm…." 

Flash! 

I quickly rushed towards one of them. I rushed towards a Ghost King who seemed to be at the mid-stage of a Celestial Being, raised my hand to capture its soul, and grabbed it. The mid-stage Celestial Being Ghost King began to scream in terror. 

"…." 

I looked at this trembling creature and pondered what to do. 

'The White Orchid Purification Technique is the best for refining the mind….' 

To restore the mind of this terrified creature, the White Orchid Purification Technique was perfect. But I couldn't shake the ominous feeling that using the White Orchid Purification Technique would cause this Ghost King to dissolve completely. 

'Should I use just a little….' 

Wooong! 

I conjured a tiny White Orchid Purification Technique and infused it into the creature. And then, I had to listen to an even more horrifying ghostly wail than before. 

"…." 

It seemed that the White Orchid Purification Technique, with its exorcism properties, was fatal when infused into a Ghost King filled with ghostly energy. 

'Damn it, what should I do?' 

After a moment of contemplation, I invoked the Yin Soul Ghost Technique. 

Kugugugu! 

A dense aura of curse energy rose around me. 

'If I infuse this into the creature, it will writhe in pain….' 

I couldn't just recklessly infuse the Yin Soul Ghost Technique, which had the opposite energy of the exorcism properties. The essence of the Yin Soul Ghost Technique was 'pain,' and regardless of whether it matched the ghost's nature, the creature would inevitably suffer. 

After some thought, I transformed the Yin Soul Ghost Technique into a spiritual power and infused the Yin energy into the Ghost King. Simultaneously, I operated the Yin energy in the manner of the White Orchid Purification Technique to refine the Ghost King's mind. 

Tstststst! 

After a while, the Ghost King, who had been screaming in agony, gradually reduced its cries and smacked its lips. 

"Are you alright?" 

"…Something feels off." 

It seemed that refining the mind with Yin energy for the first time had resulted in something strange. 

'Instead of refining the mind, it feels like I've hypnotized it….' 

"Could you please say something?" 

"…Damn it." 

As I muttered a curse under my breath, the Ghost King suddenly started crying. 

"Stop, stop crying. Why are you doing this?" 

Seeing the Ghost King finally starting to speak properly, I asked with a glimmer of hope in my eyes. The Ghost King responded to my question. 

"First of all, why are you all running away when you see me?" 

"…Did you stutter like this when you were alive?" 

Frustrated by the Ghost King's trembling speech, I asked. The Ghost King shook its head, tears streaming down its face. 

"Losing intelligence?" 

As I infused more Yin energy around its soul, it gradually stabilized and began to speak clearly. 

[When a strong ghost approaches, weaker ghosts lose their intelligence, their minds become clouded, and they are left with only their instincts to either obey the strong ghost or run away.] 

"Hmm…." 

Only then did I understand why the Ghost Kings, who were at least at the Yuan Energy level, couldn't keep their minds together and ran away in a complete daze when they saw me. 

"…Wait a minute. I once met the remnant soul of Song Jin, an elder of the Black Ghost Valley. But he didn't lose his mind when he saw me…." 

As I spoke, I realized that when I met Song Jin, I wasn't as 'dead' as I am now. The Ghost King, now completely hypnotized, began to answer me in a dazed voice. It felt as if it was intoxicated by the spiritual power of the Yin Soul Ghost Technique. 

"Is it because of Seomyeongham…." 

Seomyeongham seemed to have several functions besides simple spatial transmission. I asked the Ghost King. 

"So, the reason everyone runs away when they see me… is it because I'm a 'great ghost'?" 

"No… I'm not like that." 

It seemed that the term 'Ghost King' referred to a ghost that could perceive the underworld, regardless of its level. 

"You misunderstand. I am merely a disciple who recently entered the Black Ghost Valley, a living being, not a great ghost." 

[You jest about such things with a living body. You must be one of the high-ranking reapers who served the gods of the underworld….] 

"Um…." 

Even in its intoxicated state, the Ghost King seemed to be overwhelmed by my presence, speaking things I hadn't even asked about. The Ghost King seemed to mistake me for a reaper sent to punish the Black Ghost Valley for defying death, crying and begging for forgiveness. 

I didn't know what to do, so I released the Ghost King. It seemed true that ghosts lose their intelligence when they meet a higher ghost. As soon as it escaped my Yin energy, it seemed to forget our conversation and started to go berserk. The creature quickly fled somewhere in the Great Cemetery, and I held my throbbing head. 

'Damn it, it's chaos everywhere.' 

I frowned at the sudden events happening to my main body. 

* * * 

"…What is this?" 

'I' had obtained the Eastern Division of the Celestial Mountain and sent a message to Jeon Myeong-hun to come here. I frowned as I looked at the letter sent to me. The messenger, Weilingxian, clicked his tongue and said. 

"Well… it seems to be a letter from someone claiming to be the Chief Executioner of the Dragon Clan." 

"…Why would that person send me something like this…." 

"Well, I don't know. Think carefully about who you might have offended." 

I sighed as I received the threatening letter. The letter was filled with vengeful threats written in dragon blood, and just looking at the handwriting gave me chills. 

'Damn Seohul.' 

It seemed that he had informed Guryon about who had killed him. 

―I will kill you as soon as possible. Wait for it. 

"…This is crazy." 

I muttered as I looked at the letter.