(1) Rumble! It felt as if the heavens and earth were boiling. The spiritual energy in various places bubbled up and transformed into pitch-black water, a strange phenomenon indeed. As the black water overflowed in all directions, Guijun suddenly realized that he and his peculiar fortress had entered the interior of a vast black sea.

Inside the control room of the peculiar fortress, Guijun continuously exclaimed in admiration. "Oh, instead of extracting the domain from within and covering it, you use the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to assimilate the surroundings with the domain, and then, without even realizing it, you replace the domain with the surrounding environment. Is this the power unique to a combined-level master? Amazing, amazing. This is a great reference."

Rumble! From the bottom of the black sea, a massive figure surged upward. It was the Black Dragon King, Xianyin, who had been struck on the head by Guijun. Xianyin opened his mouth and roared. A dark energy gathered in his mouth and shot towards Guijun like a beam of light. The dark line flew towards the peculiar fortress. However, in the next moment, the right arm of [her] from the peculiar fortress deflected Xianyin's beam.

Immediately after, another Xianyin leaped out from beneath the surface of the black sea and charged at [her]. Inside the peculiar fortress, six combined-level puppets emerged to assist [her]. The six combined-level puppets moved in perfect coordination around [her]. In all directions, the puppets blocked the six directions, while [she] fought Xianyin in the center. However, Xianyin did not yield an inch against the seven combined-level puppets. Instead, he freely drew power from within his domain, using the domain's strength to suppress the puppets' momentum and control the power of the black sea.

Boom! Xianyin's horn struck [her] body. Screech! Xianyin suddenly sensed an overwhelming energy gathering in the direction of the peculiar fortress and frowned. 'What is this immense power?' It was an overwhelming 'force.' It was not merely the breath power used by the dragon race. Although it fell short of the shattering level, it clearly surpassed the power level of a combined-level master. If he were to be hit by that, even Xianyin would suffer a fatal injury. 'If I attack this puppet, I'll be in the perfect position to get hit by that. This time, I'll retreat.'

Of course, the best way to deal with Guijun would be to capture [her] and use her as a hostage, but Xianyin, unaware of this, retreated into the black sea. The beam of light that had gathered at the center of the three roofs of the peculiar fortress shot into the interior of the black sea, causing a massive shockwave that evaporated all the water within a thousand-mile radius of the black sea, revealing Xianyin's hidden form. Xianyin glared at the peculiar fortress as if he wanted to devour it, gritting his teeth. Rumble! Dark energy began to surge around Xianyin. His body swelled, his scales grew larger, and his flesh expanded. Simultaneously, dark energy spewed from between his scales, dyeing the surroundings.

Flash! Xianyin shot towards the peculiar fortress like a beam of light. Xianyin's horn struck [her]. The next combined-level puppet was completely shattered into two pieces, and the third combined-level puppet's upper body disappeared entirely. The remaining puppets were no different. They collapsed helplessly under the Black Dragon King's sudden surge of energy, clearing a path. Once again, light began to condense above the peculiar fortress. Xianyin's eyes burned with intensity. 'That's dangerous. No matter how much I forcefully draw power, if I get hit, it could be disastrous. But two times? Two times? Can it really fire that twice? Is that possible with just a puppet or a magical treasure? Unless it's a divine treasure...'

He compressed the power he had drawn even further, wrapping it around his body. In that state, Xianyin calculated the time. The speed at which the peculiar fortress's beam of light was fired. Calculating that power, he seized the moment of the beam's firing! Flash! The beam of light was fired. And Xianyin used all his strength to dodge the beam. Rumble! An explosion occurred behind him, creating a hole in Xianyin's domain. Xianyin spat out a mouthful of blood but gritted his teeth and moved forward. By now, only two puppets remained. The Taehor tribe puppet charged at Xianyin, but Xianyin crushed it with pure energy. The Hanryeong tribe puppet exuded cold energy, but Xianyin ignored it and bit down on the Hanryeong tribe puppet.

Crunch! Crack! Finally, Xianyin reached the front of the peculiar fortress and kicked one of its walls. Boom! A part of the peculiar fortress's wall was torn away, revealing Guijun and part of the control room he was controlling. Xianyin's pupils narrowed as he looked at Guijun inside the control room. He began to probe the interior of the peculiar fortress with his consciousness. 'What kind of structure allows it to exert such power? Is it thanks to the power of Guanghan?'

Xianyin's consciousness seemed to extend everywhere, reaching the topmost layer of the peculiar fortress, a place created solely for Guijun's ideals. Xianyin's eyes widened in surprise. He pulled his face away from Guijun and took a deep breath. The anger he had shown until now seemed like a lie as he began to laugh. He wore a benevolent expression and continued to speak. Xianyin smiled and tried to continue the conversation with Guijun. However, Guijun, frantically pressing buttons in the control room, spat out a short sentence. "What have you been babbling about since earlier, you worm?"

Click, click, click, click, click, click, click...! Rumble! And then, 28 combined-level puppets appeared around Xianyin. "I have one question. Where is Seohyeol?" "Alright, alright. You impatient fellow. Fine, if that's your wish, I'll let you choose between [Black General] and [Black Marquis]. The Black Emperor is too magnificent, so bear that in mind." Sizzle― The forcibly drawn energy dissipated, and Xianyin glared at the 28 combined-level puppets charging at him from all directions. Crack! His entire body began to tear apart. Buzz! The Black Dragon King, looking at the 28 combined-level puppets and the sphere of light condensing above the peculiar fortress, muttered in a daze. However, he laughed helplessly as if he had realized something. Flash! The grand beam of light enveloped Xianyin's entire body.

* * *

"Stop! Stop!!! All external missions currently being carried out by the Black Scale Spirit Sect are to be halted, and all personnel from outside, please leave immediately, no matter what you are doing!" I frowned as I looked at the Black Scale Spirit Sect disciple who had suddenly entered the curse room and was interrupting the creation of the curse. "Hey, if we leave now, this curse will become a useless lump of power with its structure completely scattered, except for the 'power' accumulated here." At my words, the other curse practitioners also nodded in agreement. However, the Black Scale Spirit Sect disciple spoke as if it didn't matter. "It doesn't matter. I'm telling you this considering all those factors. A problem has arisen within the Black Scale Spirit Sect that cannot be ignored, so please leave immediately."

"...Alright. But when you call us back, you must pay us from the beginning again." Cheonin Gi of the Black Bone Valley, Geupun, and Wihon made it clear to the Black Scale Spirit Sect. The Black Scale Spirit Sect disciple frowned as if he had a headache but nodded. "Alright. If things don't work out, we'll pay the penalty fee, so please leave for now." In the end, we left the Black Scale Spirit Sect. "What's going on? Do you know anything?" "I don't know." The curse practitioners each spoke in confusion, and I eavesdropped on the conversation through the circuit I had secretly planted in the Black Scale Spirit Sect in the past. And I learned the truth of the matter. 'I see. Guijun attacked Xianyin, causing Xianyin's eastern region to be devastated, and Xianyin was driven to the brink of death and fled somewhere miserably. Guijun destroyed Xianyin's eastern region into pieces, found something, and continued to wreak havoc in the True Dragon Alliance's territory.... Well, it's not surprising anymore.'

It's just Guijun being Guijun. 'With the patriarch missing, the Black Scale Spirit Sect has temporarily ceased to function. In the worst case, we might not receive the payment we were supposed to get....' And, most likely, what Guijun is searching for is Seohyeol. The testimonies of seeing Seohyeol and Guijun searching for Seohyeol. Those facts would be enough to make Gyuryeon think, 'Maybe Seohyeol is still alive.'

* * *

In the lowest level of the True Dragon Alliance's Bongmyeongju, Gyuryeon, who had recently become a combined-level Dragon King, was freed from the duties of the chief inspector and was handing over to her successor. "Gyuryeon-nim, have you heard? A madman who destroyed Xianyin's eastern region is searching for Seohyeol Daegun." "Yes, I've heard." Gyuryeon's eyes wavered. 'Is he really alive?' However, the distress signal Seohyeol sent to Gyuryeon in his final moments and his last moments still lingered in Gyuryeon's mind. 'He was definitely killed by that wicked Seo Dou. I even saw the scene where his path to resurrection was cut off.... But... it feels like he's still alive.'

The recent news from the human race. The madman named Guijun searching for him. And... Gyuryeon's 'woman's intuition.' All of it seemed to tell her that Seohyeol was still alive in some form. "By the way, Gyuryeon-nim, have you heard what that madman named Guijun is saying while wandering around? I think you should hear this...." "What is it?" "He's saying, 'Seohyeol! Come out! I heard you're getting married! I came to bless your marriage with your lovely bride, so come out immediately!'" "...?" Gyuryeon's eyes filled with confusion. "That's strange. I knew Seohyeol was secretly preparing for an engagement ceremony before... But because of that, we haven't even gotten engaged yet...." She recalled the time she had secretly watched Seohyeol preparing for an engagement ceremony at Haeryong Palace. Of course, Gyuryeon didn't know that Seohyeol had prepared it to show her, expecting her to spy on him. But Gyuryeon's successor, her close Huanglong tribe sister, Gyuhwa, spoke with a subtle expression. "Gyuryeon-nim. No, Gyuryeon-unnie. I'm saying this as family, not as a member of the Huanglong tribe, so please listen carefully." "Alright, go ahead." "Suddenly, Seohyeol Daegun sent a message saying he was dead, then there were rumors of him being seen in the human race's territory, and the madman's statement that he's getting married, the engagement ceremony Seohyeol was preparing before.... Considering all of that." Gyuhwa grabbed Gyuryeon's shoulders with a serious expression and said, "Seohyeol Daegun might be having an affair." "W-what?" "He's definitely with another woman right now!" "N-no, that can't be. Seohyeol Daegun is such a gentleman...." But even as she spoke, Gyuryeon couldn't help but recall a scene in her mind. 'That human pet....' The human woman who had walked around Bongmyeongju holding Seohyeol's hand. Gyuryeon gritted her teeth as she remembered her. 'Come to think of it, when I first saw that Seo Dou guy, it was on the Bi Seungdae. He seemed to have some potential, but he didn't impress me.... And they seemed to know each other from the lower world. They didn't seem to have a bad relationship at first.' Her mind began to spin rapidly. 'After that, they hadn't met, but suddenly Seo Dou came looking for him and killed him in a way that prevented resurrection? And Seohyeol sent me such a scene?' Perhaps, Seohyeol wanted Gyuryeon to believe he was dead. Such thoughts crossed her mind. 'And then, he went to the human race's territory with that pet... to have an affair...!' Crack.... Gyuryeon unconsciously exuded energy, distorting the space around her. It felt like everything was falling into place. 'Maybe... the engagement preparations back then were not for me but for that pet? And now, rumors are spreading that he's going to marry that thing, so that madman is looking for him? Yes. That's it!' Her woman's intuition was telling her. Seohyeol is alive. And, he is with the human woman. 'Seohyeol!!!' One way or another, Seohyeol, who had been killed by Seo Eunhyun, could not answer her. The dead do not speak.

* * *

I exclaimed in admiration. "Amazing. This is Taeyeolsa...." Taeyeolsa, where Taeyeoljeon resided, was a small temple located in a valley at the bottom of the Undodo, below the Cheonindo. However, what was astonishing was that the entire valley where Taeyeolsa was located was covered with giant murals. I couldn't help but be amazed at the majestic sight. "So, brother, are there techniques here that can help with the ritual?" I had come down here with Kim Yeonhwa. After finding a suitable ritual technique here, I would ask Kim Yeonhwa to contact Kang Minhee, and that would be all I could do. "Yes. And there's even a combined-level Taesu here. I think it will suit your martial arts well." I recalled the fighting spirit of Taeyeoljeon. Her fighting spirit was clearly centered on mental techniques. However, in the Guanghan realm, there was no such thing as an internal mental technique. That meant her fighting spirit was based on [techniques of the way of cultivation]. I had never known it was possible to reach the heavenly realm through cultivation techniques, but I thought she would be very helpful to Kim Yeonhwa, who replaced martial arts with ritual techniques, so I brought her along. We crossed the valley covered with murals and finally arrived at a small temple. After passing through several gates of the temple, we saw the main hall, the Daeungjeon. However, unlike other temples, the main hall was named Taeyeoljeon (太涅殿). Creak― The door of Taeyeoljeon opened, and Taeyeoljeon walked out from inside. "Welcome, both of you." At her greeting, both I and Kim Yeonhwa, who was beside me, inadvertently joined our hands in a greeting. It seemed to be another function of her mental mural technique. We entered Taeyeoljeon. "It seems this building is called Taeyeoljeon." "Yes. It's a small sect, so the name is a bit unique. And as you might have guessed, my name also comes from this Taeyeoljeon." We went to the Buddha hall and bowed to the Chilhwawang, the bodhisattvas of this world, and then went to the reception hall to sit down. Taeyeoljeon personally brought tea leaves, lit a fire, and brewed tea for us. "It's clear and pure." I commented on the fragrance of the tea and the energy I felt from the temple. "It seems like a good place for solitary cultivation." "Solitary? There are many people here. It's always bustling." At Taeyeoljeon's words, I looked around. 'Come to think of it, this reception hall....' There were indeed murals everywhere. "Are you interested in Buddhist techniques?" "I'm interested for secular reasons. I need ritual-related techniques." At my words, Taeyeoljeon smiled gently. "There are many ritual techniques. Especially the techniques of the Chilhwawang lineage are mostly ritual techniques." "I also have questions about these Chilhwawang." I looked at the murals hanging everywhere. The bodhisattvas in the murals all had benevolent smiles. "What are you curious about?" "I'd like to know everything." "Everything... I'll tell you as much as I know." Taeyeoljeon seemed excited as she brought a mural. "To explain the Chilhwawang, I must first explain the Mirewang (未來王)." The mural depicted a being. He was sitting on a lotus flower in a meditative posture, wearing a black kasaya, and had a benevolent smile. Below the lotus flower were seven bodhisattvas. The Chilhwawang, who looked similar to the other Chilhwawang depicted in the murals, were looking up at the being in the black kasaya with their hands raised high, as if praising his virtue. The being extended one hand as if inviting the Chilhwawang to join him by his side. "The Mirewang symbolizes salvation that will come in the future. Some say it represents hope, or tomorrow and the future itself. It also signifies enlightenment to the true nature of cultivation, or Kaenyeol (開涅) after reaching the state of transcendence. As the origin of Buddhist techniques, it holds significant meaning in the way of Buddhism itself." "...." "And the Chilhwawang are bodhisattvas and heavenly kings who teach to reach the Mirewang. It is said that when their role is complete, they will follow the path set by the Mirewang and ascend to the seat beside the Mirewang to enjoy the true law in the eternal paradise." Kim Yeonhwa's eyes sparkled as she spoke. "That's a wonderful story. They seem like great beings. I used to occasionally listen to Buddhist lectures back in my hometown...." "Haha, it seems your hometown also has Buddhist techniques. I feel a sense of familiarity already." "...." She seemed to find Taeyeoljeon's story quite interesting. "However, the Mirewang is such a grand concept that it rarely appears in techniques. It is mentioned once or twice in scriptures. In fact, it is almost like the personification of this entire world. Therefore, the techniques mainly mention the Chilhwawang, who are like the disciples of the Mirewang. Among them... the Chageogwanghancheonwang... Seo Susa?" Suddenly, Taeyeoljeon's gaze turned to me. Kim Yeonhwa also noticed something strange about me and asked, "Brother, are you okay? Are you feeling unwell?" "...." I couldn't answer. For some reason, I felt a strange sense of déjà vu. At the same time, I felt an unbearable nausea and dizziness. 'I feel like I'm going to throw up....' Since the decision period, I had never experienced