The Madness of the Old Monster (5)

‘Hmm, what is that?’

It was definitely Oh Hyeso. However, there was an inexplicable sense of incongruity about her. I walked towards the entrance without showing any expression. It was definitely Oh Hyeso. But there was no basic heartbeat or life wave that should be felt from a human. And there was no wave of consciousness either.

‘I see. It’s a projection.’

I focused my consciousness on my surrounding comrades. Strangely, none of them reacted to seeing Oh Hyeso. Considering how popular she was at the company, they should have all greeted her warmly after seeing her for the first time in a while. But this reaction...

‘It’s only visible to me. Ah, I see.’

I finally realized the source of the strange incongruity. It was the same sense I had with Kim Younghoon! It was because I had that perception that I could see her. Originally, Oh Hyeso had no intention of revealing herself to us, but her ‘intent’ to do something to us here was reflected as her projection.

‘Creepy...’

If I didn’t have this sense, I would have passed by without recognizing her. I controlled my body’s reactions and walked towards the Black Ghost Bone Valley, pretending not to notice her.

Wooong—

Clap—

Oh Hyeso smiled and clapped her hands. Flash! A clear light burst out, and for a moment, a hazy light swirled in my comrades’ eyes. I drew upon the Myriad Connections Path within me. Perhaps because I had recognized the [disappeared] beings in this round, I could resist the light of the Glass Peacock with a bit of operation. However, I pretended to be dazed to see what Oh Hyeso would do next. At the same time, with the sense of the Great Desert Sea Star, I saw the outskirts of the Underworld. The outskirts of the Underworld began to ripple and ‘transform’ in various places.

‘Oh Hyeso...’

I realized what she was trying to do and considered whether to strike her with the Total Heaven Sword. She was transforming the outskirts of the Underworld with the power of the Yin Ghost Black Dance. The outskirts of the Underworld were a special realm that overlapped with this world. Although not completely the same, they influenced each other. As the outskirts of the Underworld twisted, reality twisted as well. With the sense of the Great Desert Sea Star, I felt numerous ghosts screaming in sudden disaster. Most ghosts had their main bodies in the outskirts of the Underworld, and what appeared in reality was just a projection. Of course, most foolish ghosts, except for ghost kings, didn’t even realize their main bodies were in the outskirts of the Underworld. The principle behind ghosts showing supernatural abilities like passing through objects was all based on their main bodies being in a different realm. Therefore, unless one had the power of the True Exorcism or a power that transcended realms, it was originally difficult to harm ghosts. But Oh Hyeso was laying some kind of formation across the entire Black Ghost Bone Valley by manipulating the outskirts of the Underworld itself. At the same time, the light of the Glass Peacock emanating from her was making not only us but all the ghosts in the Black Ghost Bone Valley into fools. The eerie wails gradually subsided, and only the foolish moans of the ghosts echoed.

‘Probably all the humans in the Black Ghost Bone Valley have become fools too.’

However, I sneered inwardly.

‘Crude.’

It was not derived from a true ghost path technique but merely a supernatural power borrowed from a player. It was just crude in front of my eyes. Countless thoughts arose on how to break the formation she had laid, how to restore the twisted outskirts of the Underworld, and how to capture Oh Hyeso by reversing it. My mind sparkled like a flame.

‘If I use the power of the Great Desert Sea Star to twist the outskirts of the Underworld, it would be too easy.’

It was a feeling I had never experienced when learning martial arts or orthodox techniques. It was as if a bright path was visible before my eyes. Perhaps it was because I was the source of the talent that Seolip showed in demonic arts.

‘Ridiculous. It looks so easy...’

I inwardly laughed and didn’t show it. Oh Hyeso let us enter the Black Ghost Bone Valley, and I also left her alone for now. It seemed like she was trying to pull some trick, but I was confident I could reverse her trick and punish her when she tried.

“Hmm, what is this? Something feels strange...”

The first to feel the incongruity was Kim Yeon, who had a vast consciousness. She tilted her head, realizing her mind had momentarily become hazy. However, Jeon Myunghoon and Oh Hyunseok didn’t notice at all, and I didn’t bother to tell them, so they just tilted their heads.

After a while, we met the gatekeeper guarding the path to the Seopmyeongham dock in the Black Ghost Bone Valley.

“Taesu Seo Eunhyun has come to meet Kang Minhee, a disciple of the Black Ghost Bone Valley.”

The gatekeeper Jiangshi was startled by my words and summoned a ghost from his sleeve to send to Seopmyeongham. Oh Hyunseok and Jeon Myunghoon frowned slightly at the sight of the Jiangshi, while Kim Yeon, having seen many puppets, seemed indifferent.

“Yes, sir. I have sent a sound ghost to the inner valley, so a reply will come soon!”

After a while, two figures flew from the direction of Seopmyeongham. It was the familiar Heo Gwak and Heo Ryeong. Heo Ryeong greeted me with a slightly tense face, but Heo Gwak looked at me intently with a puzzled expression.

“Is there something on my face?”

“Oh, no! I apologize.”

Heo Gwak, still looking puzzled, bit his lip and lowered his head.

“Now that I see, you were hiding your realm back then. I was inexperienced and dared to be rude to you.”

Heo Gwak eventually thought of me as a monster who had hidden my realm and bowed his head to apologize for what happened at the time of the secret mission.

‘They wouldn’t believe me if I said I was really just in the original energy realm back then, would they?’

They would think I was mocking them, so I just nodded roughly.

“Alright. Anyway, as you know, I came to meet Kang Minhee, a disciple of the Black Ghost Bone Valley.”

At my question, Heo Ryeong awkwardly smiled and said,

“Haha, senior. I’m sorry, but disciple Kang Minhee is currently in closed-door training at the secret place of the Black Ghost Bone Valley. May I ask why you want to meet her...?”

“It’s nothing special. I just want to meet her because she’s from my hometown. By the way, what is her current realm?”

“She has currently entered the Celestial Human realm.”

“Hmm...”

I looked at Heo Ryeong and Heo Gwak.

‘They’re lying.’

Were they worried I might take her realm if I heard about it?

“Bring her here. If she’s in the Celestial Human realm, she can at least create a clone, right? Even if she can’t move due to closed-door training, she can send a clone.”

“Yes, yes! I will bring her, not a clone!”

Heo Ryeong signaled to Heo Gwak, who quickly ran off to find Kang Minhee. Meanwhile, Heo Ryeong guided us to a garden at the top of the highest peak in the Black Ghost Bone Valley, outside Seopmyeongham.

Tststst—

Upon arrival, all kinds of beautiful flowers and plants were spread out, and there was no trace of ghostly or yin energy.

‘It’s a perfect place to entertain guests.’

Following Heo Ryeong’s guidance, we entered and sat in the pavilion at the center of the garden. Clap, clap— Heo Ryeong clapped his hands, and beautifully crafted Jiangshi brought tea.

“First of all, welcome to the Black Ghost Bone Valley, Taesu Seo. I heard you recently became a Taesu.”

“That’s right.”

“Amazing. The future of our human race has become even brighter.”

Heo Ryeong flattered me and chatted for a while. Then, after a while, he subtly brought up the main topic.

“By any chance... did you visit the Black Ghost Bone Valley to make it a subordinate sect of your force?”

“Hmm...”

I didn’t particularly come for that reason, just to meet Kang Minhee, but it seemed like my actions were being interpreted that way.

“I’ll talk about it after seeing Kang Minhee.”

“Ah, yes. Of course!”

After a while, Heo Gwak flew towards us with a disciple at the Celestial Human level. It was Kang Minhee. I frowned slightly at the sight.

‘It’s a clone.’

They said they would bring her main body, but it seemed they brought a clone at the Celestial Human level.

‘Well, they might think there’s no benefit in showing a suspicious Taesu the disciple who became a Demonic Beast in a hundred years.’

After a while, Kang Minhee entered the pavilion. She bit her lip slightly upon seeing my face and greeted me formally from across.

“Hello, Taesu Seo Eunhyun. It’s been a while.”

I felt a bit bitter at her formal greeting and shook my head.

“No need for formalities. And...”

I looked at her and asked,

“You must have noticed? It seems a loach has entered your sect. What are you going to do about it?”

Flinch! Kang Minhee smiled wryly at my words.

“Rather than a loach... it seems more like a fly. And if it’s a fly, it’s best to swat it.”

She also seemed to have noticed Oh Hyeso’s meddling, her eyes gleaming. Even though Oh Hyeso spread the light of the Glass Peacock, the Kang Minhee in front of me was just a clone, controlled by her main body, so it had no effect. Heo Gwak and Heo Ryeong looked puzzled, not understanding our conversation, and I asked Kang Minhee,

“It’s quite a big fly... How do you plan to catch it with just the Celestial Human level? You need at least the power to handle human force.”

At my words, Kang Minhee’s eyes gleamed. Heo Gwak and Heo Ryeong, reading the hidden thorn in my words, flinched and trembled.

“...I’m sorry, senior!”

“...We were too arrogant. Please punish us!”

As expected of old monsters who had lived for at least thousands of years, they quickly knelt before me. But at the same time, they didn’t completely reveal that they had hidden Kang Minhee’s main body, showing their cunning by only asking for forgiveness for their arrogance.

‘They are old monsters I can’t let my guard down around.’

I clicked my tongue and asked,

“I feel something strange in your sect. It seems only Kang Minhee and I have noticed. If I, an outsider, use my power, you might be reluctant, so I’ll give you a chance. What will you do?”

At my words, the two looked at each other and then at Kang Minhee. It seemed Kang Minhee was sending them a sound transmission, and after a while, their faces turned to shock.

“That, that happened?”

“Why didn’t we notice anything...”

The two sweated profusely and said,

“...If only you and Taesu can sense it, we have no choice... Minhee, come out.”

Kang Minhee nodded, and the two bowed to me in apology.

“We were presumptuous. We apologize for hiding the disciple’s realm from you.”

“Didn’t I say she was from my hometown? I already knew about Kang Minhee’s talent. She was always outstanding.”

“...”

Kang Minhee seemed to want to say something but glanced at Heo Gwak and Heo Ryeong and closed her mouth again.

“Then, I will open the door!”

Rumble—

Heo Ryeong and Heo Gwak drew some kind of formation on the spot and began to emit human force.

Rumble—

‘I thought she could only come out on days with strong yin energy, but it seems she can come out anytime if two old monsters of the Demonic Beast level use their power.’

After a while, a crack opened in the center of the pavilion, and an immense cold air emanated from within.

Swoosh—

The cold air spread in a circle, and a woman’s figure emerged from the dark.

Srrrk—

She turned the darkness around her into a black robe and looked at me with eyes burning with a faint blue flame. It was Kang Minhee.

Tststst—

Her Celestial Human clone was absorbed into her as soon as she ascended to the Guanghan realm, and I felt the outskirts of the Underworld nearby shaking. I smiled at Kang Minhee’s main body.

“It’s been a while, Kang Sa-woo.”

“Ah... It’s been a while, Taesu Seo. But since this is an official occasion, please distinguish between public and private matters.”

Kang Minhee openly showed her discomfort with a forced smile, and Jeon Myunghoon and Oh Hyunseok had expressions of ‘I knew it,’ while Kim Yeon seemed slightly restless.

“Well, shall we swat the fly first?”

I smiled and drew upon my human force.

“That’s the priority.”

Kang Minhee emitted ghostly energy and looked down at the area near Seopmyeongham.

“Then, since we need to straighten out the twisted outskirts first, the two elders...”

And just as Kang Minhee reached out towards the twisted outskirts of the Underworld, a clear voice suddenly emerged from somewhere. Kim Yeon, Kang Minhee, Jeon Myunghoon, and Oh Hyunseok all showed surprised expressions. Even I was so startled by the suddenness that I flinched.

Wriggle, wriggle!

“...!”

My ‘shadow’ suddenly wriggled, and a woman in white clothes appeared, smiling and spreading her arms.

‘How!? I didn’t sense it!’

Strange. This feeling was not Oh Hyeso’s. I realized something in an instant.

‘This is not Oh Hyeso’s power. This is... Tak Hon Man Cheon!?’

In an instant, I combined my experiences and facts to form a hypothesis.

‘Seo Hyul! That bastard placed Tak Hon Man Cheon on my shadow, and Oh Hyeso appeared here using Seo Hyul’s Tak Hon Man Cheon!’

Chill! The fact that Tak Hon Man Cheon could work on abstract concepts like shadows was absurd, but combined with Oh Hyeso’s power, it sent chills down my spine. Seo Hyul could snipe me remotely anytime he wanted. The projection of Oh Hyeso, who appeared using the power of Tak Hon Man Cheon, smiled brightly and murmured. Wiiiing— A Taiji symbol formed at her feet, and from beneath the Taiji, the forms of divine players emerged.

“Wait, you...!”

Kang Minhee reached out to Oh Hyeso in anger, and I also extended the Total Heaven Sword towards the suddenly intruding Oh Hyeso. But the next moment,

“Hehe, hehe...”

“Hehehe...”

Heo Ryeong and Heo Gwak suddenly laughed like something out of a nightmare and formed seals simultaneously. Oh Hyeso and Seo Hyul used their powers together.

“Blood Yin Ghost Valley Maze.”

The space twisted. In an instant, the surroundings turned into a white space. Looking around, my comrades were nowhere to be seen. We were caught in the collaboration of Oh Hyeso and Seo Hyul.

* * *

“Hehe, thank you, Hyeso. Thanks to you, I was able to capture that monster.”

In the white space, the projection of Seo Hyul in a blue robe and the projection of Oh Hyeso in white clothes were conversing.

“By the way, was it necessary to reveal the technique I had hidden and appear? It was a secret that I could hide in the shadow.”

“Oh my, necessary? It’s fun, isn’t it?”

“Fun... Hehe.”

Seo Hyul looked at Oh Hyeso and smiled as if he knew what she was thinking. Oh Hyeso also smiled but was furiously thinking while looking at Seo Hyul.

‘What is this guy thinking?’

‘Does he know my plan?’

‘No way. But I have to be careful since Seo Hyul’s techniques might read thoughts.’

‘I’ll keep useless thoughts on the surface and think important things inside.’

‘Well, okay. Anyway, Seo Hyul will leave this space created by transforming the outskirts of the Underworld soon, so I’ll try to contact Seo Eunhyun secretly then.’

Oh Hyeso’s mind was racing. Then, Seo Hyul stood up.

“I can’t stay in this space for long, so I’ll go out and prepare to capture them completely. Hyeso, please maintain the space for a while.”

“Leave it to me.”

Oh Hyeso stood up to see Seo Hyul off, and Seo Hyul turned his back to leave the white space. At that moment,

Boom—

A heavy noise was heard from somewhere. Seo Hyul looked back and laughed.

“Oh dear. I expected this.”

“What?”

Oh Hyeso looked at the source of the sound, unable to grasp the situation.

“What is...”

And then,

Crash!

A crack appeared in the white space, and a hand reached out from within, grabbing Oh Hyeso’s ankle.

“What is this!!!”

Oh Hyeso’s pupils shook, and Seo Hyul quickly used his human force to open the door of the white space.

“Wait! Lord, Seo Hyul! Take me with you!”

Oh Hyeso urgently called out to Seo Hyul, but Seo Hyul laughed and crossed the door without hesitation, closing it behind him.

Boom!

Tststst—

The white door shone brightly and then scattered from the white space. Oh Hyeso took a deep breath and bit her lip at the 38 eyes staring at her from behind and Seo Hyul’s voice coming from ahead.

“Seo Hyul...! You...!”

Screech—

Screech—

Screech—

The white space was contaminated, transforming into a garden of filthy flowers. Clack! A hand of a nightmarish being grasped Oh Hyeso’s shoulder.