Farewell (2)

Simultaneously, blood spurted from my seven orifices like a fountain.

'Damn it...'

As expected, the celestial name had a severe impact on me as well. My legs trembled, and I was in so much pain that I wanted to collapse immediately. But I wouldn't die. Hongbeom approached me and handed me an antidote for the poison and a medicine to help recover my energy.

'Serip is indeed remarkable.'

I couldn't always peek into Serip's mind, so I didn't know everything about him. However, I had spied on him quite often, and in the brief moments I wasn't watching, he had ordered Hongbeom to stand by. It was an excellent judgment.

After taking the antidote and medicine to recover my body, I looked at Seohyeol. During battle, I couldn't use it because it was dangerous for me as well. But even when not in battle, it wasn't easy to use it on others.

'Only because I have the Azure Scale Armor, the Tears of Haenyeong, and the inner part of the Dragon Ascendant's realm.'

The name of a true immortal is not a convenient tool. It could be a poison that might consume me. Even if it belonged to an entity that had perished and could never be resurrected. The only reason I could utter the name 'Haenyeong' was because I had a part of his body, the Azure Scale Armor, and I was in the inner part of the Dragon Ascendant's realm, which granted me some privileges.

If I had mentioned names like Yuhodeok or Yusuryeon instead, it wouldn't have ended this easily and would have been more dangerous. Thanks to stepping beyond the boundary of the Heavenly Realm, I could peek into Serip's mind and gather information through him. At first, I thought I would die the moment I saw that [name], but fortunately, I could focus my mind and avoid going insane.

I wiped my sweat. Perhaps because I had recklessly uttered the name of a true immortal, it felt quite hot. Of course, in Seohyeol's case, it seemed quite fatal. Although he was smiling, his complexion had already turned pale.

'I see.'

From that sight, I could gather information. Seohyeol couldn't transfer his influence to another 'Seohyeol' right now. That meant all the pain and torture happening here had to be endured solely by his will.

'That means he is disconnected from the other Seohyeols.'

This guy was an abandoned pawn. An abandoned pawn discarded by Seohyeol himself.

"Answer my questions."

"I will speak only the truth."

Thud!

I embedded the Black Ghost Needle into Seohyeol's body.

"I will embed the Black Ghost Needle every time you lie."

"Hehe, what if you embed it even when I speak the truth?"

Thud!

"Impressive. In a way... showing such tenacity even after being abandoned."

"Abandoned? What do you mean?"

"You are disconnected from the other Seohyeols."

"Hehe, you misunderstand."

Seohyeol smiled faintly.

"I am not abandoned. I am 'left behind.'"

"..."

"Sacrificing only myself to obtain Seo Dou would be a significant gain, wouldn't it? Even if I fail, I can still provide some interesting information to Seo Dou..."

Thud!

"Fine, let's say you are not abandoned. But you must properly state the purpose for which you were 'left behind.'"

"Hehe, shall I tell you something interesting?"

"Stop the nonsense and state your purpose."

Thud!

"First, Seo Dou. Do you know what I saw when I looked inside your Myriad Connections?"

"If you utter 'So' or 'Yeom,' I will crush your head."

"Ah, it's not that. Seo Dou... do you know that 'someone' is inside your Myriad Connections?"

"What?"

I felt a chill down my spine at those words. The surroundings were gradually getting hotter, but I felt a cold shiver licking the back of my neck.

'Someone is inside my Myriad Connections?'

I glared at him.

"Hongbeom."

When I signaled to Hongbeom, he approached and grabbed Seohyeol's head, blowing something transparent into him.

"I have blown in the Formless Poison. Through the poison, I can adjust the stimuli this person receives."

"Can it also act as a truth serum?"

"More than enough. Since it directly manipulates the brain, it can have at least a hundred times the effect of a typical truth serum."

"Is a hundred times enough for a Sashuqi investigator?"

"Since it directly affects consciousness, it is more than sufficient."

Sss—

White steam began to escape from Seohyeol's seven orifices. His eyes seemed to lose focus slightly.

"Is it true that 'someone' is inside my Myriad Connections?"

I activated my mental vision to the extreme as I asked. While I couldn't force a confession, the truth serum's effect could make his mental state more apparent. This would make it easier to distinguish truth from lies.

Seohyeol, with a slightly dazed voice, smiled faintly.

"A certain [woman] is inside."

Chills ran down my spine at those words.

'It's not a lie.'

Then who could it be that could so easily invade my Myriad Connections? It was most likely a transcendent being. And among the transcendent beings I knew, there was only one female.

'Jeongryeo!'

The white-haired celestial maiden whose face I couldn't see. The owner of the Heavenly Punishment, possessing the Celestial Treasure, the Celestial Thunderbolt!

'Is that being still watching me!'

It seemed I had left a deep impression on Jeongryeo.

'I did leave quite an impression in various ways.'

But to think she was still watching me! And even secretly infiltrating my Myriad Connections to monitor me. It was chilling....

'...Wait a moment.'

Then why did it turn into salt instead of lightning?

'This guy, did he lie to me again?'

I felt a surge of anger. Perhaps because the surroundings were gradually getting hotter, I felt as if my head was turning red. I embedded the Black Ghost Needle once more.

Thud!

"I said I would embed the needle if you lied."

"I was telling the truth..."

"Speak properly. What kind of being is that [woman]?"

Seohyeol gave a meaningful smile.

"What kind of being? Hehe... She is the one I mistook for your [pillar] inside your Myriad Connections."

Thud!

Although it seemed he was telling the truth, I didn't like how he was dragging out his words, so I embedded the Black Ghost Needle.

Seohyeol didn't even blink and said,

"Your Myriad Connections were surrounding and protecting that [woman]."

"What?"

'How is that possible?'

How could someone else be protected by my Myriad Connections?

He gave a sly smile.

"That means that [woman] is a precious existence within your Myriad Connections. Isn't that right?"

"So, what kind of being is she?"

"Hehe, I have already planted myself in her. She is a real existence, and in a few thousand years, she will slowly be devoured by me."

"So, according to your way of speaking, you haven't planted yourself yet, and you are just trying to test me with such questions."

Thud, thud, thud!

I hardened my mental flow and expression as I asked him.

"I will ask one last time. Who is that [woman]?"

Screech!

Seohyeol's purpose was clear. He was left here to see if he could brainwash me. And to confuse me with his eloquence and to figure out what was important to me. But it would be impossible.

Swoosh!

My mental state was forged into a sword. Simultaneously, my sword poured into Seohyeol, embedding itself into his inner self. A strike at the level of a complete soul. My sword embedded itself into his mental state, sealing his connection with the other Seohyeols of the Thousand Souls.

'With this, he can never relay information to the other Seohyeols in my presence.'

Even if he gathered information about me, it would be meaningless.

Seohyeol seemed to realize that I had done something to his consciousness, and his eyes twitched.

"Hehe, this is troublesome."

"Do you really want to taste [Haenyeong] more?"

"Ugh!"

Thud!

Seohyeol spurted blood again. However, he smiled faintly and said,

"So, that's the true name of the Celestial Beast Haetae. Hehe..."

"Something like that."

"Come to think of it, do you know the commonalities between the Blood Yin Sect's techniques and the Ghost Sect's techniques?"

Crack!

I summoned a bunch of Black Ghost Needles and embedded them into Seohyeol's back. The pain of castration and 60,000 times the pain, the pain of hearing the name of a true immortal, all packed into one.

Seohyeol seemed to find it hard to endure and let out a groan.

"Stop changing the subject. I asked who that [woman] is."

"The techniques of the Blood Yin Sect and the Ghost Sect are both powerful. Their commonality is... they both 'borrow power.' The Ghost Sect's techniques borrow power from the [Netherworld], and the Blood Yin Sect's techniques borrow power from [Blood Yin]."

He gave a subtle smile.

"This guy keeps..."

"The higher the technique, the more it borrows power. And my Blood Sacrifice Technique, for instance, is a magic that directly originates from Blood Yin."

"..."

I glared at him, preparing for any unexpected moves. What he was saying felt ominous.

"I originally didn't intend to use the Blood Yin Sect's magic when fighting Seo Dou. Because Blood Yin is the original owner of karmic fire, and using magic that borrows Blood Yin's power here might stimulate the karmic fire to rampage."

He smiled faintly and said to me,

"Do you not know what your Azure Scale Armor was sealing?"

"What...!"

And at that moment, I felt my entire body heat up.

'This, this is...!'

Sss—

As the Azure Scale Armor fell off, the temperature of the water layer, which had been extinguished by the flames, began to rise rapidly. No, wait. Come to think of it, the temperature of the water layer, which should have been completely extinguished, had been gradually rising 'since earlier.'

Rumble!

And I saw it. Up there. From the Bongyang Layer, crimson flames were erupting madly.

'Damn it!'

I grabbed Seohyeol's hair and jumped back up to the Bongyang Layer.

Whoosh!

"Ugh!"

An enormous flame engulfed me. It was hot! And...

"Aaaargh!"

It was painful! So excruciatingly painful! It felt like the true flames of hell had descended upon the mortal world!

"Ugh... Huff, huff... This flame... was created to judge sinners in the afterlife..."

Even Seohyeol barely managed to speak while smiling.

"Looks like you've accumulated quite a bit of sin?"

"Aaaargh!"

"Until all your sins are burned and judged, this flame will cling to your soul and never go out. You can't control it at will, nor will it completely burn your soul to give you peace."

Seohyeol's lips trembled as he spoke.

"Even the Azure Scale Armor can only defend against the flames; it can't extinguish them once they latch on. Because this karmic fire is the result of a rightful judgment. The power of the Celestial Beast Haetae, who governs the law, can assist the karmic fire but can never extinguish it..."

"Shut up. Stop pretending it doesn't hurt..."

I lay on the ground, drooling, barely managing to get up.

'It hurts like hell...'

But despite the flames surrounding me, the pain didn't increase; it remained constant. It was as if it was judging only 'the sins I committed.' The karmic fire was burning my soul.

The sound of flames burning echoed in my ears, turning into screams. Screams I had heard before. The bandits I killed during my time in the martial world, the demonic cultivators, the demonic sect members, the demonic cultivators of the Makrisega, Wonlip...

In those screams, I reflected on my life.

'Surprisingly, I only directly killed or tortured demonic cultivators.'

But even that was considered a sin, and the karmic fire burned me.

I looked at the direction of the neem tree while holding the Azure Scale Armor. The source of the immense heat was emanating from beneath the neem tree.

'I need to... seal it again with the Azure Scale Armor...'

Despite trembling in pain, I took one step at a time towards the neem tree. If I didn't, the karmic fire could escape and spread throughout the entire Guanghan Realm.

At that moment, the screams suddenly turned into completely different sounds. They were no longer screams but wails and groans filled with resentment. The indirect sins I had committed, the grudges of those who had suffered because of me.

The families of the demonic cultivators I killed, their dependents, the people who worked in the Makrisega...

The sins I had committed indirectly were now engulfing me. And at some point, I heard a whisper I never wanted to remember.

—We submit...

"...!"

It was the mistake I made out of a moment of foolishness and lack of self-control, causing the entire Celestial Realm to submit. And the indirect sins and suffering of all the people who were affected by it!

"Aaaargh!"

I couldn't even take another step and fell to my knees in pain. It was heavy. It was hot. It was excruciating!

Seohyeol was laughing, but he seemed to be in more pain. I, too, was in no less pain. We had both stopped keeping each other in check and were now lying on the ground, screaming in pain together.

It hurts! It hurts so much!!!

So this is...

'This is the weight of my sins.'

I gritted my teeth. I wouldn't scream. It wasn't just out of stubbornness. I had something to say about the other sins. They were all people who deserved to die, who harmed the people or took pleasure in evil deeds. Such people were better off dead for the world.

I wasn't a righteous person, nor was I just. I only showed kindness to things that happened in front of me or to my acquaintances. I might be a hypocrite, but I still tried to resolve the evil deeds that happened in front of me, and killing them was part of that.

But 'this' was different. This was clearly a sin caused by my mistake. This was my sin. My evil deed, and the punishment I deserved to bear. How could I dare to deny the traces of my life?

I silently accepted my punishment and endured the pain. It was so painful that my mind was about to go blank, but I just accepted it. Perhaps because it was a power handled by the chief judge of the Netherworld, I felt more agony than when I heard the name of a true immortal or when I faced the owner of the Heavenly Punishment.

It was the direct power of a true immortal. It would be strange if it wasn't painful.

As I was sitting there, someone started moving my body. It was Serip.

'Serip, are you not in pain?'

"It's strange, Seoeunhyun. For some reason... I'm not in pain."

'I see.'

I could understand why. This was not Serip's sin but mine. Serip had never committed any significant sins. He might look a bit grotesque, but other than that, he had never killed even a single insect.

"Anyway, just hold on for a moment, Seoeunhyun. I seem to be fine, so I'll seal it."

Serip moved my body, holding the Azure Scale Armor, and walked towards the neem tree.

Step by step...

The neem tree was getting closer. And Serip threw the Azure Scale Armor towards the neem tree.

Swoosh!

As soon as the Azure Scale Armor was thrown under the neem tree, it swelled up and quickly turned back into a lake, filling the basin.

Swoosh—

The power of the deputy chief judge, Goryeokjin, subdued the power of the chief judge, Myeongmajin. The karmic fire was extinguished again, and the surrounding flames subsided.

But I was still in pain.

"...!"

'The pain hasn't lessened!'

I knew the reason. It was obvious.

'The karmic fire clinging to my soul hasn't been extinguished.'

It was a fire that clung only to burn me. It wouldn't go out until it burned my sins. And my sins. The sin of evaporating the entire Celestial Realm with a population of over a billion was not a light sin. Even if it was an indirect sin, its weight couldn't be taken lightly.

Crack...

I endured the pain and stood up.

'Then, I will accept it.'

I could feel it. Until the karmic fire burned my sins, it would follow me even if I reincarnated. I would have to endure this pain over several lifetimes.

'This is my life and my history.'

It was the retribution and resentment I had to remember. So it was right for me to remember and engrave it.

'I will accept it willingly.'

I completely acknowledged my sins and accepted the pain. Life was already full of suffering. What difference would one more pain make!

As I made that resolution, my vision blurred, and I felt a vision coming.

'This is...'

The neem tree. The neem tree that was in front of me. But the surrounding scenery was different. The neem tree was not in the center of a lake but on top of a hill. It was a beautiful garden filled with countless colorful flowers.

As I was lost in the beauty of the scene, I saw a massive shadow behind the neem tree.

"...!"

I gasped.

A great being. That was a great being.

'I must submit...'

I almost lost myself and was about to be absorbed by the being in front of me. But I managed to snap out of it.

"Ah...!"

The massive shadow behind the neem tree shrank to a human-sized figure.

'I see...'

I could feel it. The being in front of me was considering me. At the same time, I felt a great sense of goodness and nobility from the shadow. From his perspective, I was no different from a bug, yet he lowered himself to match my level.

As I thought that, the human-shaped shadow spoke to me.

"Yes, yes?"

I was startled and asked back.

"..."

I felt the nobility and goodness emanating from the shadow's words.

"Who is the great one, and where is this place? Why have you called me?"

The shadow spoke.

'The power of my karmic fire!?'

I felt my body shrink at those words. Then that being was...

"Could it be that the great one is..."

Why was it? It was clearly the true name of a true immortal. Yet, even hearing it directly, I felt nothing. I could tell that the shadow in front of me was lowering himself to match my level.