The Demonic Sect (3)

‘…So, she belongs to the Black Ghost Bone Palace….’

Honestly, I had been doing demonic sect activities until now, but I didn’t intend to continue living as a public enemy of the Ghost Realm.

‘Anyway, I need to talk to the Black Ghost Bone Palace to find out about Kang Minhee’s symptoms….’

I decided to use this ghost as a contact point with the Black Ghost Bone Palace. At my command, the puppets within the sect moved to restrain her. The ghost, dressed in mourning clothes, shouted with a tearful and humiliated face.

“I have sworn to dedicate everything to Lord Chajo, the 30th Commander! I will not be defiled by you scoundrels! Ugh…!”

It seemed there was a serious misunderstanding between us, but in this state, no matter how much I explained, she wouldn’t believe me. I gestured for them to take her away and then closed my eyes.

Buzz―

I had already accumulated 70% of the contraction. 

‘7,000 years of lifespan. If I gather 3,000 more years, the contraction will be complete.’

Moreover, now that the Infinite Sect had infiltrated various places in the lower world, the speed at which ‘offerings’ were being made was gradually increasing.

Like this.

Sizzle―

I felt the offerings transmitted through the spiritual land and extended my consciousness.

* * *

‘This place….’

The place my consciousness reached was a sub-sea realm. Unlike the water realm, the heavenly energy here was quite abundant, and it was a fairly large sub-sea realm. I extended my consciousness to a place in that sub-sea realm, following the voice calling me.

A corner of the sub-sea realm. A secluded valley.

Shiver!

For some reason, as I extended my consciousness to the valley, I felt a chill in a corner of my mind. Nevertheless, I searched inside the hidden cave in the valley.

Buzz―

I flowed into the body of a boy. Inside the boy’s mind, I faced him. The boy, trembling, spoke to me.

“Yes, O Great One. Please lend me your strength.”

Without me asking, he immediately began to explain his situation.

“I am an experimental subject of a demonic cultivator.”

The boy’s name was Ham Jin. He was an orphan from a rural village. However, while he was living moderately well by begging, his village was attacked and destroyed by bandits. The bandits burned the village and captured all the beggars for human trafficking. Unfortunately, he was sold to a demonic cultivator.

“He calls us ‘disciples,’ but in reality, he bought us for experimentation. He only intends to use us. No, I clearly heard his plan. He intends to take over our bodies to extend his own lifespan!”

“Yes, please save me. I will offer you whatever you desire.”

“Whatever the cost, I think it’s better than having my body taken by that monster and dying miserably.”

Just as I was about to grant his wish in exchange for his lifespan, I noticed something strange.

‘…Wait. Something’s off.’

I spoke to the boy.

“Yes?”

I moved the boy’s body and went outside the cave. Outside the cave was a large valley. The valley had small holes everywhere, and I could sense presences from each of those holes. It seemed the demonic cultivator had dug numerous holes in the valley to manage his disciples.

But I was more concerned about something else.

‘This valley….’

When I descended into this boy, I didn’t pay much attention, but while connecting to his subconscious and reading some of his memories, I discovered something peculiar.

“Ah… I heard that long ago, a green god descended from the sky, split a turtle, and created this valley. So, it’s called the Valley of the Split Turtle (절귀곡).”

I looked around the boy’s surroundings with my consciousness.

“Yes?”

“Ah, I understand.”

The boy nodded at my suggestion, and I, possessing his body, approached the altar he used to perform the ritual for me.

Crack―

I split the altar and sharpened the heavenly energy. The pieces of the split altar soon became a wooden sword.

Buzz―

I gathered the heavenly energy to form sword energy and enveloped the wooden sword with it. Then.

Slash!

I swung the wooden sword at the boy’s surroundings, creating a slash.

Crack―

Since it was a rough swing, the power was weak. It only left a small groove in the boy’s surroundings. However, after seeing the groove, I looked back at the valley.

Then, I placed my hand on the rock forming the valley. I could feel the energy of the dragon vein flowing inside the valley. The dragon vein was like the blood vessels of a living creature.

“…Normally, such a dragon vein wouldn’t form.”

A valley created by a green god splitting a turtle.

“Hamcheon Zunja….”

I could immediately guess. This valley was a world created by the corpse of a creature killed by Hamcheon Zunja, Jang Ik. And I remembered the chill I felt when I entered this valley.

‘Ah….’

Using the Moon Water Palace Martial Record, I synchronized with the Total Sky Sword and flew out of the cave with the boy’s body. I could feel the boy sharing this scene from his subconscious, shocked. But I couldn’t care about Ham Jin’s shock.

‘As expected….’

I flew to the edge of the sky in the sub-sea realm. Looking down at this world from the ‘ceiling’ of this world, I couldn’t help but be astonished. This world was a battlefield. Everywhere, absolutely everywhere, there were sword marks left by Jang Ik’s wooden sword.

By looking at the sword marks, I could gauge the nature of the battle that took place here. The battle started at the northwest end of this world and ended here at the southeast end. And the conclusion of the battle was that Jang Ik won, and the creature he fought died.

‘Jang Ik… struggled quite a bit!?’

I broke into a cold sweat as I inferred from the traces left in this world, including the sword marks. Jang Ik, who bore the title of ‘Zunja,’ struggled. That meant the creature that fought Jang Ik and died, forming this valley, was also at the level of a shattered star.

I understood why this world, unlike a typical sub-sea realm, had much denser heavenly energy than the water realm. After the shattered star-level creature died, the power that leaked from it enriched this world.

‘What is this world?’

I looked around this world in confusion. How could a mere sub-sea realm withstand the battle of shattered star-level Zunjas so sturdily? I felt something strange and descended again.

Rumble―

I induced heavenly energy. Since the boy had the attributes of earth, fire, and metal, I shook the dragon vein to cause a light earthquake in the area.

Rumble!

The valley shook, and parts of it cracked and collapsed.

‘How could the corpse of a shattered star-level creature, which fought Jang Ik on equal terms, be shaken by the power of a mere celestial level?’

Something was odd. At that moment.

Buzz―

Through the dragon vein of this creature, which had become a valley after death, I sensed something.

‘This is…!’

Deep below the dragon vein. There, a great amount of auspicious energy was gathered.

‘I see… It’s not that the Zunja’s corpse is weak, but all the Zunja’s powers are concentrated in the energy below, leaving the outer shell fragile.’

Rumble―

I tried to lift the entire valley with my power. However, at that moment.

Buzz―

‘…Tsk. If I use more power, this boy’s soul will collapse.’

The first investigator who borrowed my power had at least reached the accumulation stage. Therefore, he could barely draw on my power. But this boy, Ham Jin, was just a beginner at the first star of the refinement stage. Even now, as I was controlling my power as much as possible, he was struggling to withstand my soul, and if I drew more power through his soul, his soul might evaporate.

Of course, if his soul evaporated, it would be easier for me to take over his body, so it would be better for me. 

‘But there’s no need for that.’

There’s no need to commit inhumane acts. No matter how many treasures lie below, they are not more precious than a single life. I entered the boy’s surroundings, erased the traces of the ritual he performed for me, and spoke to Ham Jin.

“I have confirmed everything thanks to you. But you seem unable to endure any longer, so I will withdraw for now. However, since we have connected once, you can call me without a ritual next time. Call me again. I will lend you my strength.”

Ham Jin barely nodded from his subconscious, enduring the level of my soul.

Buzz―

I gathered heavenly energy in my hand.

“And this is the reward for borrowing your body.”

Buzz―

I condensed the gathered energy into a core. The core appeared in my hand, and I swallowed it. The core entered the boy’s law flower dantian, settled in the center, and became an inner core.

Buzz―

Bang!

I linked the inner core with the boy’s upper dantian, granting Ham Jin the sight of a beast. Although he couldn’t handle the power of the inner core yet, he could gain the sight of a beast.

“Beasts are more sensitive than humans and can foresee great disasters or accidents. This is all based on the ability I have granted you. I have given you the senses of a beast, so use them to survive.”

Sizzle―

I spoke as I withdrew from Ham Jin’s mental world.

“You need time to heal your soul, so call me again in three months. Let’s meet again then.”

As I left his body, Ham Jin collapsed, exhausted.

‘A significant harvest!’

It was a far greater fortune than the one I obtained by falling off a cliff during a life-and-death duel.

‘The corpse of a shattered star-level Zunja!’

Of course, even though it was a Zunja’s corpse, most of its energy had dissipated, but all that energy had not disappeared; it had gathered into a single point of auspicious energy.

‘The chill I felt when I first entered was because I was in the presence of a Zunja, even though it was dead.’

A Zunja is still a Zunja. There was a possibility of obtaining something left by the Zunja. I returned to my main body sitting on the sect’s throne and lit up my eyes. I laughed pleasantly with my 19 mouths. At that moment, Hong Beom urgently reported.

“Master, a celestial-level prefect from this region is approaching the Light and Shadow Domain.”

I extended my consciousness and sensed a lizard-shaped jiangshi, wrapped in blessings, charging towards the Light and Shadow Domain. I lit up my eyes and stood up.

“Yes.”

Hong Beom picked up the communication device and contacted Oh Hyunseok. Meanwhile, Oh Hyunseok and Jeon Myunghun moved to the western direction of the Light and Shadow Domain, where the celestial-level prefect was charging.

* * *

“Hmm, so we just need to climb here? Won’t the formation break?”

“It’s fine, I can control it all.”

“I see….”

Oh Hyunseok looked at Jeon Myunghun with curious eyes.

“No matter how many times I see it, it’s amazing. That Jeon Myunghun has become so normal….”

“…Let’s just get started.”

“Got it. Then….”

Rumble!

Oh Hyunseok absorbed the heavenly and earthly energy and focused his mind. His entire body turned purple. His unique body constitution could absorb any energy. Whether it was the five elements’ energy or the yin-yang energy, he could absorb it all and melt it inside his mixed essence to elevate his realm! That was his unique body constitution. Therefore, whether he absorbed spiritual energy or ghostly energy, it had no effect on elevating his realm. When he first came to the Ghost Realm, he fainted because he absorbed unfamiliar energy!

Rumble!

And, Oh Hyunseok attempted to elevate his realm from the celestial level to the accumulation stage.

Rumble, rumble!

Dark clouds appeared in the sky, and dual-colored heavenly lightning struck Oh Hyunseok.

Boom!

Originally, when someone of that level faced heavenly tribulation, the area would become a mess, but this time it was different. Jeon Myunghun was controlling the remaining heavenly tribulation beside Oh Hyunseok. Finally, when the celestial-level prefect of the Black Ghost Bone Palace, the jiangshi in the form of a lizard, arrived at the Light and Shadow Domain and tried to ram into it.

Boom!

Jeon Myunghun extended his hand and scattered the heavenly tribulation he had been gathering towards the jiangshi. The jiangshi roared and retreated momentarily, and Jeon Myunghun smirked.

“This is the territory of the Infinite Sect. State your business.”

“Haha, didn’t you receive the message that our master fought against several celestial-level prefects?”

The jiangshi laughed sinisterly, knowing everything. Indeed, as he said, Seo Eunhyun couldn’t leave the Infinite Sect’s main hall, and the light of the White Orchid Ascension Gate, which had been burning brightly until the end of the world, had significantly dimmed. However, Jeon Myunghun smirked.

“Indeed, we are in a bit of a difficult situation right now. But… did you think we wouldn’t have anticipated that?”

Snap!

Jeon Myunghun formed a seal. According to his will.

Crack!

The heavenly tribulation that was striking Oh Hyunseok split and spread in all directions, surrounding the Light and Shadow Domain like a net, then returned to Oh Hyunseok and struck him again. The direction of the heavenly tribulation was distorted by Jeon Myunghun, surrounding the entire Light and Shadow Domain like a net and then striking Oh Hyunseok again. Although the heavenly tribulation was distorted by Jeon Myunghun, it wasn’t ‘interfered with’ but ‘slightly redirected,’ so the heavenly tribulation didn’t become stronger.

“Attack as much as you want. This is a heavenly tribulation barrier filled with the energy of the righteous path.”

The jiangshi retreated a step, seemingly taken aback, and then smirked as if he had thought of something.

Rip!

The jiangshi opened its mouth and pulled out a treasure from its dantian. He spat out a large wheel-shaped treasure and spun it.

Screech!

The wheel emitted a ghostly wail and began to burn with intense ghostly fire.

Boom!

The jiangshi threw the wheel, burning with ghostly fire, at the heavenly tribulation barrier. Flash!

Boom!

The wheel, filled with ghostly fire, couldn’t penetrate the barrier and was repelled. However, the barrier changed.

Crack!

The sky rumbled. The heavenly tribulation had been interfered with. External help had been received. Therefore, it would be punished with even stronger heavenly punishment. The heavenly tribulation became stronger and thicker. The target of the heavenly tribulation, Oh Hyunseok, was engulfed in even brighter heavenly tribulation. The jiangshi laughed and continued to attack the barrier endlessly. The heavenly tribulation barrier grew thicker and stronger over time, but the jiangshi just laughed.

And.

Jeon Myunghun stood still in his place. The jiangshi frowned at the sight.

‘These crazy demonic sect bastards. Their comrade is suffering from the heavenly tribulation, and they don’t even change their expression?’

The heavenly tribulation was getting thicker. Now, the heavenly tribulation barrier looked like a vast sea of lightning surrounding the Light and Shadow Domain. The jiangshi was puzzled.

‘Wait, by now… shouldn’t he be dead from the heavenly tribulation…?’

* * *

Inside the heavenly tribulation barrier. Inside the vast sea of lightning. Oh Hyunseok, the source of the heavenly tribulation, was screaming.

Rumble!

Oh Hyunseok, emitting purple mixed essence, was enduring the heavenly tribulation without faltering. Jeon Myunghun smirked at the sight.

“Sorry, but our comrade gets stronger the more he gets hit.”

Jeon Myunghun had been watching Oh Hyunseok’s training for the past 200 years.

‘Body refinement of the five elements, Changcheon Gaebyeokmun, what on earth is that place….’

He shook his head and gradually transformed his body. Transforming into the giant of six arms, emitting lightning, Jeon Myunghun waded through the sea of lightning and went outside.

Rumble!

The jiangshi widened its eyes as it saw the giant of six arms emerging from the sea of lightning.

Crack!

Jeon Myunghun gathered the surrounding heavenly tribulation energy and lit up his eyes.

Boom!

Emitting a torrent of lightning, Jeon Myunghun laughed.

* * *

I extended my consciousness to observe Oh Hyunseok undergoing the heavenly tribulation and Jeon Myunghun blocking the intruder.

‘They’re doing well.’

Oh Hyunseok was being tempered like steel, constantly struck by the heavenly tribulation. If a celestial-level heavenly tribulation fell, even Oh Hyunseok would die, but for now, it was just right for training. 

‘Jeon Myunghun will handle it well….’

If they could hold out for a few more hours, I could activate the World Destruction Formation again.

‘Then, in the meantime… let’s interrogate the prisoner.’

I moved to the upper floor of the Infinite Sect to see the prisoner I intended to use as a contact point with the Black Ghost Bone Palace.

Click―

The ghost prisoner in mourning clothes from the Black Ghost Bone Palace. When I opened the door to her room, she looked startled.

“Ugh, what are you planning to do to me!”

“You wicked demonic sect master! What did you put in the food!? My mouth…! It feels strange…!”

‘Why is she acting like that? It’s just ordinary tea.’

I had Hong Beom serve her peppermint-flavored honey tea, but it seemed she was startled by the unfamiliar taste.

‘I thought ghosts would like it since Kang Minhee liked it, but I guess not.’

“Ugh…!”