The Madness of the Old Monster (6)

Oh Hyeso quickly turned her head to look at the monster behind her, Seo Eunhyun, and calculated the optimal 'performance' she needed to put on at this moment.

"Ugh, Seo Eunhyun!"

First, she put on a sad expression. Then, she spoke in a voice that sounded truly reluctant.

"Kill me...!"

Drip, drip, drip...

Tears flowed from Oh Hyeso's eyes. She awkwardly moved and attempted to attack Seo Eunhyun.

Flash!

The form of a player emerged from her hand and rushed towards Seo Eunhyun.

'He'll think something is off.'

If that happened, it would be Oh Hyeso's victory. She knew Seo Eunhyun well. In fact, like many male employees in the company, Seo Eunhyun had a subtle affection for her. Oh Hyeso was well aware of that fact.

'Come on, Seo Eunhyun. Notice that something is wrong. Hesitate to attack me.'

The story she wanted to portray was that of a 'pitiful colleague controlled by the evil Seo Hyul.' Now, Seo Eunhyun would ask what was going on, and she would answer that she was being controlled by Seo Hyul. Then, she would tell Seo Eunhyun how to break Seo Hyul's brainwashing, leading him to do so.

'After that, I'll break the barrier and inform them that I'm being held by Seo Hyul. Then, Seo Eunhyun and the others will come to rescue me, and I can naturally join them.'

Oh Hyeso smiled inwardly, satisfied with her perfect plan. She cried again and shouted.

"Kill me, Seo Eunhyun...!"

"...?"

However, Seo Eunhyun, who had torn apart the form of the player sent by Oh Hyeso, swung his dark ghost blade at her without hesitation. Oh Hyeso dodged the ghost blade with all her might.

In this twisted space created on the outskirts of the underworld, one could only control it in a soul state. Physical force was ineffective. However, because she was in a soul state, Oh Hyeso understood that touching Seo Eunhyun's ghost blade would be disastrous.

'That ghost energy, that curse! If I touch it, my soul will rot...'

She broke out in a cold sweat and thought furiously.

'Why is he so unhesitant? Wait, does he really think I betrayed him...? No, that can't be!'

Oh Hyeso cried out tearfully.

"Free me, Seo Eunhyun! Seo Hyul is controlling me, forcing me to attack you...!"

Boom!

Oh Hyeso shouted while launching the form of a Taiji from her hands towards Seo Eunhyun, using the recoil to fly backward.

Sizzle—

However, Seo Eunhyun, who was not injured in the slightest by Oh Hyeso's attack, walked through the white space, his 38 eyes glowing. 

Whoosh!

Without a moment's hesitation, Seo Eunhyun scattered curse runes towards her. The dark curse runes fell towards her in streams. Oh Hyeso gritted her teeth inwardly.

'That idiot! Even when Yeon suggested we have lunch together at the company, he told her to eat alone. Did he really take my words as a literal request to kill me!? This useless fool!'

Since she had revealed that she was being controlled, if he wasn't truly an idiot, he had no reason to attack her further. Oh Hyeso thought quickly.

'Maybe he fought Seo Hyul and realized how terrifying he is, so he decided there's no chance of saving me!'

Having reached a conclusion, she bit her lip and acted again.

"Thank you, Eunhyun. To break Seo Hyul's spell, you need to unravel the 108 threads of Yin-Yang and the Five Elements within me, then sequentially break the four curses in my consciousness. But it must be difficult. Please make it easy for me!"

'If you can't do it, at least think about asking Kang Minhee or someone else smart! I gave you all the clues!'

Whoosh!

Oh Hyeso barely dodged Seo Eunhyun's curse again, breaking out in a cold sweat.

'This useless guy, he really is trying to kill me. Did he go mad after learning some demonic arts? What happened in those 100 years to make him this broken? Even his past is shrouded in a hazy fog...'

Biting her lip, Oh Hyeso decided to change her plan.

'This crazy guy. He must have gone mad, carrying something strange on his shoulder.'

Oh Hyeso rolled her eyes.

'Let's give up on Seo Eunhyun for now. Since this madman is acting like this, there's no chance of joining him as a comrade. I'll look for an opportunity later to join through Jeon Myunghun or the smart Kang Minhee.'

Deciding to revise her plan, Oh Hyeso spread her hands. 

Buzz—

A Taiji spun between her hands.

"Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth, Activate."

Flash!

In an instant, the white space twisted, and the distance between Oh Hyeso and Seo Eunhyun expanded by 100 li. The Taiji spun once more, and the distance expanded again by 100 li.

Seo Hyul's Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth. This technique twisted the outskirts of the underworld into a special subspace. Originally, Seo Hyul could only create the Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth, not control it. He could open and close the labyrinth and grant administrator privileges, but that was it. Even those with administrator privileges couldn't freely control the space. Certain 'special conditions' had to be met to control the space.

And Oh Hyeso could control this space as if it were her own through her own powers.

'I need to get far away from Seo Eunhyun and isolate him in another space. If I don't get out quickly, who knows what Seo Hyul will do to my body.'

Rumble!

In the distance, the space twisted under immense gravitational force. Oh Hyeso gritted her teeth and extended her hands. The space moved, nullifying Seo Eunhyun's gravitational pull.

"Huff, huff..."

She broke out in a cold sweat.

'Is it because it's a fusion technique? Nullifying the gravitational pull is tough. Anyway, since I sealed the gravitational pull, he won't be able to use teleportation to chase me...'

At that moment.

"...Huh?"

Oh Hyeso blinked. Seo Eunhyun had arrived in front of her.

Whoosh!

Seo Eunhyun raised his arm.

Boom!

His dark, curse-laden arm struck the white space.

"What, what is this...!"

Oh Hyeso gritted her teeth in frustration.

'He got here without using teleportation, just with a speed technique?'

Buzz!

She spread her hands again, summoning the Taiji. The Taiji spun rapidly, increasing the distance between Seo Eunhyun and her once more. 100 li, 200 li... 3,000 li!

'With this much distance, he shouldn't be able to...'

"...Is this an illusion technique?"

But contrary to her hopes, Seo Eunhyun appeared in front of her again as soon as she blinked.

"How did you get here without teleportation...!"

Seo Eunhyun reached out towards Oh Hyeso. Her face turned pale. Even though she lacked emotions, she had 'desires.' From basic desires like hunger, sexual desire, and sleep to the 'desire to survive,' Oh Hyeso had them all. And as a living being, she had the basic desire to 'live,' which led to 'fear.'

Oh Hyeso, driven by the fear stemming from her survival instinct, extended her arms.

Flash!

A white light shot towards Seo Eunhyun. However, Seo Eunhyun seemed to wrap himself in a hazy mist, and the light of the glass peacock scattered uselessly.

Oh Hyeso retreated, continuously drawing on the power of the player. The Yin energy of the Black Tortoise, which summoned ten thousand ghosts, seemed to spread around, but when Seo Eunhyun's 38 eyes glowed, the Yin energy of the Black Tortoise seemed to be startled and tried to move away from him.

The power of the White Winged Celestial Demon, symbolizing order, and the power of the Chaotic Demon of Destruction, symbolizing chaos, gathered in Oh Hyeso's hands. She clashed the black and white energies in her hands.

Boom!

The energy of great chaos seemed to fill the white space. But in the next moment.

Flash!

The energy of great chaos unraveled and scattered.

Buzz—

Blue wings seemed to sprout from her shoulder blades, twisting the space. At the same time, the Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth twisted, trapping Seo Eunhyun in the labyrinth of the twisted space.

'This is the power of the player Cheongbung, famous for his spatial labyrinth techniques. Combined with the power of the Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth, he won't be able to escape quickly...'

Crash!

Then, Seo Eunhyun's hand broke through the white space.

"Huff, huff..."

Oh Hyeso once again set up the spatial labyrinth to re-seal Seo Eunhyun, then used the power of the Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth to increase the distance between them. She borrowed the power of the player Taeho to strengthen her body and escape, trying to break through the space with Cheongbung's power.

But she turned around at a chilling sound.

Thud, thud, thud, thud—

A giant with 19 heads, 38 eyes bleeding tears of blood, and a body of starlight, covered in black, grotesque flowers, was running towards her.

Ooooooh—

Kyaaaaaa—

Haaaaa—

The eerie wails of ghosts surrounded the giant.

"Get away...!"

Finally, Oh Hyeso's composure broke.

"Get away, you monster...!"

Thud, thud, thud, thud—

She summoned the forms of numerous players and threw them at the monster. But it was useless. The Yin energy of the Black Tortoise was simply chewed up, the chaos of the Chaotic Demon of Destruction was corrupted into a curse, the power of the White Winged Celestial Demon was devoured by summoning white flowers, and the power of the glass peacock was blocked by the hazy mist. The labyrinth of Cheongbung was simply broken through, and the power of Taeho was ineffective.

Thud, thud, thud, thud—

Oh Hyeso created the form of a black dragon and threw it at Seo Eunhyun, who was now right behind her. But Seo Eunhyun grabbed the black dragon's jaws and tore it apart, then started chasing her madly again.

Buzz—

Seo Eunhyun's hand grasped 'something.'

'Danger...! It's dangerous! He's about to throw something at me, and if it hits, it's dangerous...!'

Reading the flow of heavenly and earthly energy, she realized that Seo Eunhyun was about to throw something 'terrifying' at her.

'It's really dangerous! No!'

"Kyaaaaaa!"

Seo Eunhyun threw 'something' at her, and Oh Hyeso screamed in pain as if her entire body was being torn apart.

Crunch!

Finally, Oh Hyeso was caught in the giant's grasp.

* * *

'Finally caught her.'

I sighed and glared at Oh Hyeso. She looked as if she was about to faint. It seemed that the pain from the soul-rending attack of the Total Celestial Sword was considerable.

'Good. Now...'

I injected ghost energy into her body and began to distort the space through Oh Hyeso, the center of this space.

Rumble—

'This space is borrowed from the outskirts of the underworld. So...'

It should be possible to move it with my abilities.

Rumble!

The white space moved and twisted. I began to sense my scattered comrades and started to gather them one by one.

Flash!

The first to arrive beside me was Jeon Myunghun. Next were Kim Yeon and Oh Hyunseok, in that order.

Flash!

The last to appear was Kang Minhee.

'Somehow, everyone except Kim Younghoon is here.'

"Oh, Deputy Oh?"

"Really?"

Jeon Myunghun and Oh Hyunseok were surprised, and Kim Yeon also looked a bit flustered. Kang Minhee crossed her arms and clicked her tongue.

"Let's hear the reason. You talked well from Earth."

I looked at Oh Hyeso and asked.

"..."

Oh Hyeso was an intriguing person. She was always in a calm state, and her mental state was always stable. Although her mental state, which symbolized emotions, was faint, it wasn't as terrible as Seo Hyul's. If I had to compare, Oh Hyeso's mental state was like a barren desert, unlike Seo Hyul's filthy swamp or the grotesque state of the monster.

That's why I didn't know her true nature until she directly attacked me.

'Even now, I don't really understand.'

What was her motive, and why did she betray us and join Seo Hyul? At my question, Oh Hyeso smiled faintly.

Creepy!

"Hoho, you really have been in contact with Hyeso for a long time."

Then, blood light burst from her soul.

Swoosh!

I tried to seal her with ghost energy, but I realized it was impossible. I was pushed back by the blood light and ended up letting her go.

'This space is responding to this light!?'

Red light spread, and Oh Hyeso's shadow wriggled, turning into 'Seo Hyul.' Seo Hyul gently embraced Oh Hyeso, whom I had let go, and pulled her into his arms.

"I'll take Hyeso back. It seems that her abilities originate from her soul, so I need her."

Then, Seo Hyul moved his hand.

Flash!

Blood light spread around, and Seo Hyul's terrible mental state began to spread through the white space. I urgently shouted to my surroundings. It was Seo Hyul's mental state. If we looked at it for too long, we would be brainwashed by his Soul Corruption.

At that moment.

Creepy!

"The Blood Yin Ghost Labyrinth is a kind of 'shortcut' using the outskirts of the underworld. However, the destination is not the Ghost Realm... but the Blood Yin Realm."

Rumble!

In the distance, a crimson [world] could be seen.

"While I retrieve the axis... enjoy a tour of the Blood Yin Realm. Hoho... It should take about 3,000 to 4,000 years."

I tried to resist the powerful suction from the [world], but it was futile.

'No way, I'm jumping!'

I tried to escape the gravitational pull with all my might. At that moment.

Buzz—

A strange 'Taiji' shape rose from the hand that had grabbed Oh Hyeso, enveloping my entire body like a tumor.

'This is...!'

I gritted my teeth.

'Was this all part of his plan!?'

Everything, from me going to the powerful Black Ghost Valley on the outskirts of the underworld, to showing Oh Hyeso in front of us and inviting us here, to me capturing her and making contact with her, was all within his expectations.

* * *

Seo Hyul embraced Oh Hyeso and looked down at Seo Eunhyun's group being dragged into the crimson pit.

"Originally, Hyeso was supposed to face that monster alone, but now I have to send more people than expected. I didn't expect you to be captured in front of everyone like this. You're quite incompetent, Hyeso."

At Seo Hyul's words, Oh Hyeso, who was in his arms, held her head and smiled wryly.

"...You're quite something too, using me as bait and then planning to send my comrades to another world."

"Hoho, it's thanks to you following my plan well. Thanks to that, I was able to send the old monster who had been in contact with you for a long time down below without resistance."

"By the way, how did you do that?"

"Your soul contains the fused powers of the players, right? I drew out the power of the Taiji from that fusion to create a binding spell. Shall I teach you?"

"You'll teach me in a weird way again, won't you?"

"Hoho..."

At that moment.

Crash!

A giant of starlight reached up from below and grabbed the space. It was Oh Hyunseok.

"Oh my, Brother Hyunseok. Why don't you just go down quietly instead of struggling?"

"Haha, my father?"

Crunch!

Then, another giant climbed up next to Oh Hyunseok. It was a thunder giant with six arms. It was Jeon Myunghun. Red lightning crackled from his eyes, and his shadow split into six.

But that wasn't the end.

Kyaaaaaa—

Aaaaaa—

Ooooooh—

Thousands of ghosts appeared, and at the center, a ghost with eight feet rose. It was Kang Minhee.

"Haha, Minhee, you look crazier than me right now."

Oh Hyeso laughed as she looked at the three monsters. But then she was startled as she looked below.

Threads!

White threads of consciousness stretched out, binding the three monsters and Seo Eunhyun, who was falling into the Blood Yin Realm. Kim Yeon was preventing Seo Eunhyun's fall by binding him.

Jeon Myunghun's eyes crackled with red lightning as he muttered. To make matters worse, a giant centipede emerged from Seo Eunhyun's Taoist garden, spewing poison. It was a scene of monsters crawling up from the demonic battlefield.

Seo Hyul and Oh Hyeso, the two beautiful people, wore mask-like smiles.

"Hoho, Hyeso. Shall we stop those monsters from coming up?"

"You won't stab me in the back, right?"

"Never."

"...Let's do it."

Oh Hyeso stepped out of Seo Hyul's embrace and prepared her spell. Seo Hyul also emitted a blood-red light. Oh Hyeso created the form of a black dragon, while Seo Hyul created the form of a giant sea dragon. It was a majestic scene, as if two divine dragons were blocking the monsters trying to cross from the depths of hell to the present world.

"Let's go!"

Seo Hyul and Oh Hyeso exerted their power on the monsters climbing up from the demonic battlefield. Divine light struck the monsters.