The silence lasted for quite a while. Seolip stood still, seemingly lost in thought, while Gyoeom felt his blood run cold.

"Um... Investigator?"

At Gyoeom's words, Seolip looked at them with eyes that seemed to flicker with a strange light.

'Damn it, what is he thinking?'

Even though it was often said that it was hard to read the expressions of different species due to their different appearances or that gestures could be misinterpreted, most living beings could still frown or show some form of displeasure. While it was difficult to read the expressions of the Buhyu, Gyunhae, and Chong tribes due to their unique lifestyles, Gyoeom was familiar with the expressions of the human tribe, who frequently traded with the Blood Cult.

However, the madman in front of him had a skull for a face, making it impossible to read his thoughts. As Seolip's silence continued, the two Celestial Tribe members, who had been tense, laughed awkwardly.

"Haha, human Daoist. It seems you are from the Black Ghost Bone Valley. May I ask why you need the Celestial Lotus Fruit?"

Seolip did not respond. Seeing this, Nokju and Baekwiik laughed.

"If you need the Spirit Fruit, we can compensate you later with fruits grown by the Jangmok Tribe. The Chagi Fruit, Haeran Fruit, Deep Sea Fruit, and Doem Fruit... If you are from the Black Ghost Bone Valley, these Deep Sea attribute fruits would be extremely useful, wouldn't they?"

"Our Biik Tribe can also compensate you if you yield the Celestial Lotus Fruit. I heard that your Black Ghost Bone Valley is trying to establish roots in our tribe recently. We are considering supporting the Black Ghost Bone Valley at the tribal level. So, don't listen to that Ji Tribe scum. Let's unite as Celestial Tribes and kill that Ji Tribe scum together. What do you think?"

Then, Seolip opened his mouth.

"Hmm!?"

"What did he say?"

"Say it again."

The three Sashukgi investigators focused on Seolip. Seolip spoke a little louder.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Silence filled the room. Nokju and Baekwiik laughed awkwardly.

"Ah, hahaha!"

"Yes, of course. That's right. Our Biik Tribe also has individuals like you who call themselves 'artists.' Of course, none of them are as... extraordinary as you. Who called you a pleasure killer? Your actions are, um... 'artistic acts.'"

Laughing awkwardly, Baekwiik especially praised Seolip to win him over. Seolip remained silent. Gyoeom smiled triumphantly at the two awkwardly laughing Celestial Tribe investigators.

'Fools.'

They were foolish. They had no resolve, only the desire to escape the current crisis. They could never compare to someone with resolve like himself. Therefore, he would win in this situation!

"Yes, that Biik Tribe pigeon is right. The investigator is indeed an 'artist!' Those on your shoulders must be your 'masterpieces.' They are undoubtedly excellent 'artistic acts'... I understand your art."

This was similar to what Baekwiik had said. However, Gyoeom took it a step further.

"But do you think these Celestial Tribe scum understand your art? Absolutely not! They are just trying to escape the current situation by flapping their lips! I, Gyoeom, can say this with confidence! As someone who understands your performance art, I am willing to become your 'masterpiece!'"

"Please give me the opportunity. These Celestial Tribe scum have no passion or courage to become your 'masterpiece,' so you cannot give them the chance. First, let's join forces to kill these liars and then turn me into a masterpiece!"

Gyoeom smiled bitterly. 'I will die now.' He would become a 'masterpiece' of the mad human demon and be displayed on his shoulder. But the two Celestial Tribe members blocking his path would also die today.

At Gyoeom's words, Nokju and Baekwiik's faces turned pale. The three Sashukgi investigators' gazes turned to Seolip. Everyone was waiting for Seolip's decision.

* * *

I was speechless for a long time.

'Damn it, have they all been looking at me like that?'

The 'mad pleasure killer' that the Yojok screamed and tried to run away from was me.

'How could they see me as such a despicable being?'

I wasn't Wonlip, and I was quite displeased with being treated like that.

'I'm not that creepy soldier monster, General Seo. What's wrong with me?'

Suddenly, I felt a surge of emotion. For some reason, I felt a prickling sensation deep inside. I pressed my head, feeling a headache.

'Well, human aesthetics are diverse, and since they are different species, their aesthetics might be very different from ours, making them think I'm scary...'

The main problem seemed to be that they mistook me for someone who carried around the heads of Sashukgi investigators. I tried to clear up the misunderstanding.

However, Nokju, Baekwiik, and Gyoeom nodded their heads madly, agreeing with each other.

"Of course, investigator. It wouldn't be just a simple artistic act."

"How could we, mere mortals, understand such a grand meaning?"

"Look at those Celestial Tribe scum! They don't understand! They lack the courage and spirit!"

"..."

"..."

"..."

For some reason, I could see the thoughts of the other three Sashukgi investigators rotting away. I felt like I was going crazy.

'Damn it, no matter how I explain, it won't work.'

What on earth are they thinking? I eventually gave up trying to persuade these Sashukgi investigators, whose aesthetics were vastly different from humans. It seemed I had expected too much from different species.

At my words, Gyoeom's face lit up with joy, while Nokju and Baekwiik's faces darkened. Nokju and Baekwiik laughed awkwardly.

"Haha, the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect. It was indeed under the command of the Black Dragon King, Hyeon-eum, right? I've heard of it. I don't know why the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect needs the Celestial Lotus Fruit, but our Jangmok Tribe..."

"Yes, and our Biik Tribe..."

The two investigators began to explain their circumstances. I listened quietly, with my eyes flickering with a strange light. After hearing their explanations, I turned to Gyoeom of the Ji Tribe and asked.

At my words, Gyoeom flinched and spoke cautiously.

"To treat my wife, I need a pill called the High Lotus Pill. The most important ingredient is the Celestial Lotus Fruit. All other ingredients can be substituted, but the main ingredient, the Celestial Lotus Fruit, cannot be replaced. I came here to find it. Just three drops of its juice will suffice!"

"Please, I beg you! Without my wife, my life is meaningless. I am a sinner and a worthless man, but my wife is innocent and kind. Please...!"

I looked at the pleading Gyoeom and the Celestial Tribe members who had come for important missions for their tribes. In my heart, I wanted to use the techniques of the Celestial Water Sea Star or Wonlip to quickly grow the Celestial Lotus Fruit, just as I had done with the Longevity Fruit. However, the Celestial Lotus Fruit in front of me had such immense spiritual energy that it could turn an ordinary person into a Sashukgi investigator. It was clear that it could not be artificially grown.

'It's unfortunate. It would be great if there were a way to satisfy everyone...'

But it seemed difficult. The decision was already made. Gyoeom's wife and the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect both needed the Celestial Lotus Fruit for their purposes. The Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect also had a significant goal of escaping Hyeon-eum's grasp, so they were not lacking in justification.

Of course, there was no need to explain all this, so I looked at Gyoeom and spoke concisely.

"Thank you..."

"...Even though we are both Sashukgi..."

I laughed heartily and patted Gyoeom on the shoulder before stepping forward. No matter how many times I thought about it, I was weak to stories of lovers. My former disciples, Gyehwa and Manho, the connections in the Demon Realm, Suin and Hongyeon, Jeon Myeonghun and Geum Sohae, and even myself. So, when I heard Gyoeom's story, my heart trembled the most.

'Three drops should be acceptable to the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect.'

I found myself hoping for Gyoeom and his wife's happiness. Although Gyoeom's thoughts seemed to cool down as if he were facing an enemy, it was a good sign in battle.

'He seems to have quite a bit of combat experience. Not bad.'

I opened my 18 mouths and spread my arms wide.

Kiyaaaaaa—

Ooooooo—

A chilling wail echoed around. I gathered the curse spell above my left hand and spoke. Gyoeom, who had seen my curse before, blocked my path with shining eyes. Nokju and Baekwiik exchanged glances. Baekwiik formed a hand seal.

Paaaat!

Simultaneously, three pillars rose around Baekwiik. Sashukgi late stage. The realm where one could deploy the Qi Barrier. The three pillars connected, forming a 'barrier' that grew to envelop us and them. In an instant, the surroundings changed. We were now in front of a massive stone building on a high mountain peak, with clouds floating around. Baekwiik floated above the stone building, spreading his three pairs of wings. The Biik Tribe was also known as the Celestial Wing Tribe. Most of their divine powers came from those wings, and it was said that when the light from those wings shone, it could repel all demonic arts and emit the power of righteousness.

My demonic energy was not well-matched with it. Additionally, Nokju began to take root around us. The surroundings started to turn into a forest. The wood attribute was the worst match for my yin attribute techniques. Yin was earth, and earth was subdued by wood. Moreover, this was inside Baekwiik's barrier. Inside this barrier, Baekwiik was as strong as a Sashukgi grandmaster.

Rumble!

Baekwiik's light shone down on Gyoeom, and Nokju's summoned forest moved as if alive, restricting Gyoeom's movements. Gyoeom transformed into his true form, a giant blood-red shark, summoning a sea of blood around him. On the high mountain peak, a green mountain and a sea of blood appeared, flowing down the mountain. Nokju's forest bound Gyoeom, and Baekwiik descended towards me.

Chiiiii—

The light of Baekwiik, who was at the level of a Sashukgi grandmaster, shone down on me. I felt the precise power of the five elements within Baekwiik's body and my eyes sparkled. It was not power obtained by killing others but by performing proper rituals. Although it was a five-element barrier, it was far more stable and powerful than the usual external techniques.

Rumble!

The mountain's gravity held me in place. The gravity grew stronger, trying to crush me along with the light. As long as I was inside Baekwiik's barrier, the gravity was entirely his. I resisted Baekwiik's gravity, emitting my own gravity as I completed the curse spell. Baekwiik, surrounded by light, calmly raised his hand.

Flash!

A brilliant light poured down on me. The curse domain that enveloped me shrank. I reversed the curse.

Chichichichit!

The White Orchid Curse Domain covered the surroundings. The curse spell, transformed into a white light, began to absorb Baekwiik's light.

"What, what...!?"

Baekwiik seemed flustered, but the White Orchid Curse Domain grew, covering the entire mountain. Baekwiik, sensing the danger, stopped emitting light and used gravity to bind the curse domain. I reversed the curse again.

Paaaat!

The curse spell, now a black curse, gathered into a single point. The black curse burned on my hand.

"Damn it...!"

Realizing the danger of my curse, Baekwiik tried to distance himself from me. But it was too late.

Uuuung!

I released the curse spell, and it flew towards Baekwiik. Baekwiik, realizing the danger, shouted in panic.

"Get away from me!"

I dodged the light projectiles he fired and approached him. He, sensing the danger, hurriedly emitted light from his wings. The wings, now transformed into light, split into thousands of pieces. The split wings turned into hands of light, flying towards me. I tried to dodge, but the gravity slowed me down, and I was eventually caught by the hands of light surrounding me.

"Got you, now die...!"

But I burned the curse spell in my left hand, igniting the curse.

Kikikikik—

Kikikik—

Curse circuits began to carve into my entire body. At the same time, immense power surged through my body.

Rumble!

I ignored the hands of light and began to approach Baekwiik. Baekwiik, shocked, shouted.

"Impossible! The light should work on demons...! Stay away!"

Crack!

In addition to the hands of light, gravity also bound me. But I took one step at a time, gradually approaching him. Baekwiik, terrified, saw me getting closer. He couldn't run away because the hands of light binding me came from his back.

'Heavy.'

But as I got closer, the gravity grew stronger, slowing my steps. When I was about five steps away from him.

Crack!

Suddenly, trees sprouted from the ground, binding my body. Gyoeom, who had been fighting Nokju, seemed to be running out of stamina and was being pushed back. With some leeway, Nokju sent support this way. Trees, hands of light, and gravity! Unable to overcome the combination, I eventually fell to my knees.

Boom!

I collapsed on the spot.

"Huff, huff... You were arrogant, and now look at you. For someone called a demon of the human tribe..."

And then, I opened my mouth.

Crack!

At the same time, one of the faces on my shoulder entered my body and emerged from my mouth.

Swoosh!

The face that extended from my mouth turned into a demon king, receiving my curse and flying towards Baekwiik. The curse hit Baekwiik directly.

"...! Aaaaargh!"

Baekwiik screamed in agony, his eyes rolling back, and began to convulse. At the same time, the hands of light, gravity, and the entire barrier began to dissipate. We were back in the original layer, and only Baekwiik, writhing in pain, remained in front of me. Baekwiik foamed at the mouth, unable to die easily due to being a Sashukgi investigator, suffering immense pain. Eventually, unable to bear the pain, Baekwiik shattered his own celestial core, committing suicide. I watched Baekwiik's soul drift away to its place of rebirth through the soul realm, then turned to look at Gyoeom, who was fighting Nokju. Gyoeom was being pushed back, but it was inevitable that I would join the fight. Moreover, I could see the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect investigators approaching from afar.

"Sorry for being late. I had some things to take care of below. Let's provide support."

With my support and the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect investigators joining in, Nokju began to be pushed back. Gyoeom endured Nokju's attacks from the front, while I attacked from behind with curses and demonic birds, corrupting Nokju's forest. The yin energy of the Black Scale Fish Spirit Sect devastated the forest. Strangely, Hyeongwi was nowhere to be seen.

* * *

Hyeongwi was at the lakeside where the Melia tree stood. He was examining the paintings attached to the totem poles around the lake. The paintings were all of excellent quality, but some were bizarre. For example, there was a painting that was completely blackened, looking more like a piece of black paper than a painting. However, Hyeongwi's face lit up with joy as he looked at the blackened paper.

"I found it, the Western Heaven Painting...!"

His hand reached for the blackened paper, grabbing it roughly. At the same time, a wave of energy emanated from Hyeongwi and the blackened paper. It was a wave connected to the oldest existence. The wave spread unnoticed by anyone. From the original layer to the second layer, from the second layer to the third layer, from the Jeomuldo of the Dragon Sage to the Sato Station. And from the Sato Station to the Sapung Station... It was a wave so subtle that no one noticed.

* * *

Boom!

My curse hit Nokju's arm. His arm began to rot. Eventually, he seemed to make a decision and, while fighting Gyoeom and me, ran towards the central altar of the original layer, holding the Celestial Lotus Fruit. However, I accelerated.

Paaaat!

Time slowed down. At the same time, I used the Mountain Lord's Moonlight Step to chase after Nokju. Nokju gritted his teeth as he looked back at me.

"Ugh, ugh!"

I charged at him with 18 mouths spewing demonic energy, and Nokju, meeting my 36 eyes, closed his eyes tightly and threw the Celestial Lotus Fruit far away before throwing himself onto the altar. At the same time, Nokju's body was enveloped in light and disappeared. I caught the Celestial Lotus Fruit he had thrown and looked at the altar. Hyeongwi approached me, laughing.

"Haha, the altar of the original layer is a gate to the fourth layer, but if you don't perform the proper rituals, it won't lead to the fourth layer but will expel you outside. Of course, it can be used to simply exit, but since it's not a formal gate, it puts a significant strain on one's life force. Most people prefer to use the formal gate unless they are a Sashukgi investigator, who is a life avatar."

"That's good. We got the Celestial Lotus Fruit. Haha... Now we just need to get the Sin Painting."

"Yes, we need to find it among those totem poles. However, those paintings are all facing the Melia tree. It's a kind of seal. The power of the karma fire, which was possessed by a being from the True Demon Realm, is sealed in the Melia tree, and the paintings are sealing the heat of the karma fire. So, we need to be careful not to break the formation. It might take some time."

"Thank you for doing that."

"What is it?"

I pointed at Gyoeom.

"Understood. One