I stood in front of Kang Minhee. Five years had passed since Jeon Myunghoon left for the Myung-gwi realm. The ratio that had been supporting me had returned to the Great Myo Tomb, and Kang Minhee also had to go back to manage the side path.

"I always feel this way, but time seems to flow faster in this world. When I first saw you, you were only at the Wonyounggi stage, but now you're a late-stage Cheonin elder."

Currently, I was at the late stage of Cheonin, having deliberately reduced my cultivation level by using a new set of techniques. Despite this, I had a subtle confidence that this wouldn't be a significant problem.

"Next time I come out, I'll be at the Sachukgi stage."

"By the time I come out next, it will probably be... 50 years later? Do you think you can reach Sachukgi in 50 years?"

"Well... if I work really hard, maybe."

"Well, no matter how talented you are, Sachukgi isn't something you can achieve easily."

"Poker?"

"It's something like that."

Kang Minhee smiled and patted my shoulder. Before I knew it, I had become quite close to her as a Seorip. It wasn't just because she suspected me of being a ghost king and pretended to be close; she was genuinely opening her heart to me. And the more she did, the more I felt sorry for her.

"Well then, I'm off. Do your best, Elder Seo."

Kang Minhee waved at me and walked towards the red pattern. With a rumbling sound, she transformed into the form of an eight-foot ghost and descended below the pattern. I watched her for a moment before forming a seal to close the door of the pattern. In 50 years, Kang Minhee would come out again.

"Let's train hard."

I took out the token I received from my main body. From inside the token, I pulled out a black skull. It was the manual of the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique. Inside the skull, a wraith resided, and as a ghost king, I commanded the wraith. Startled, the wraith crawled out of the skull and began reciting the incantations of the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique.

The Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique seemed quite effective, but I had been suspicious of it since Seo Hyul had hinted at it to Heo Gwak, so I hadn't learned it. But now that I had become somewhat familiar with the techniques of the Black Ghost Bone Valley, I could immediately notice any suspicious points.

I returned to my chamber and listened to the entire incantation of the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique. Only then did I understand Heo Gwak's intentions in giving it to me.

"Heo Gwak, you're quite the sly one."

The Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique could be learned from the minimum stage of Decision, divided into seven stages. However, its true power could only be exerted from the second stage, Wonyounggi. The first stage of the Decision stage could only accumulate Yin Thunder but not control it. Over time, the amount of Yin Thunder would increase, and if one didn't reach Wonyounggi in time to control it, they could die from an explosion or fall into demonic possession.

And the incantation Heo Gwak gave me only contained the first stage of the training method.

"If I had recklessly learned the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique, I would have suffered greatly by now...."

It was a malicious structure that forced one to enter the Black Ghost Bone Valley to receive the latter part of the incantation. It seemed to be Seo Hyul's idea, judging by his whisper to Heo Gwak at that time.

"Damn you, Seo Hyul."

After cursing Seo Hyul, I went to the technique library to look for the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique. When I asked Song Gil, the librarian, about the merit points required for the technique, I felt like my eyes were about to pop out.

"...1,000 merit points?"

"Yes. The Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique is an excellent technique created ambitiously by the geniuses of the Black Ghost Bone Valley to counter the Taeguk True Thunder God technique of the Golden Thunder Sect. It has resistance to the power of thunder, which is almost the opposite of ghost techniques, and also considerable resistance to the concept of destroying evil and promoting good. At the same time, it can gain tremendous benefits when dealing with other ghostly entities using Yin Thunder. In theory, it's a technique without weaknesses."

"..."

"In the records of the Golden Thunder Sect, it was described as a paper tiger that would collapse due to its incompatibility with the Taeguk True Thunder God technique...."

To be honest, my body as a Seorip had already learned the Taeguk True Thunder God technique. It was originally the body of Wonyu, and there was a record of Yeonwi temporarily possessing it and forcibly raising it to the Cheonin stage with the Taeguk True Thunder God technique. So, was there really a need to learn the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique, which was said to be beaten by the Taeguk True Thunder God technique?

After some thought, I decided to learn the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique.

"Since it costs 1,000 merit points, it should be worth it."

Having completed many missions since becoming a Cheonin elder, I had accumulated a considerable amount of merit points. I received the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God technique and began to integrate and learn it with the Great Desert Sea Star.

* * *

"How much time has passed?"

I thought quietly as I focused in my mind. Thinking back, I had never trained in my mind for such a long time.

"It's a strange feeling."

I had always trained in moving techniques. The Danak Sword Technique, the Formless Sword, and other techniques. I had always trained and grown stronger through moving techniques. Because of that, I hadn't trained in still techniques much.

Forcing myself to sit in my mind and spend such a long time was something I hadn't done in a long time. Concentrating my consciousness, I felt the Formless Sword. Currently, my body itself had a path for the Formless Sword. Martial arts couldn't be separated from the body, so Seo Hyul could use the Formless Sword with just my body. But as I solidified my mind, it would become impossible.

"I will fully control the Formless Sword and my mind."

No one can touch it. This is mine alone. Only I have achieved it, and only I can possess this sword. This is my sword. Expanding this concept, I thought I could connect my mind to the Myriad Connections Path and regain control of my body. But I didn't.

"Let's not be impatient."

Thinking back, I had always been impatient. There was always so much to do! To keep up with the geniuses, to struggle to save what little I had in a harsh fate. Resting even for a moment was a luxury. So I had to be impatient. To me, effort was impatience, and not being impatient was a great luxury and a sin.

"It's not a sin."

It wasn't evil either. Humans are born neither good nor evil. What humans should pursue is not good or evil, but growth. Is it good to seek the Dao in the morning and die in the evening? Humans live like that every day, taking one step at a time. Life itself teaches us many things. The idea that only by constantly striving can we achieve something might be my arrogance. The thought that only I, who strive, can improve might be denying all those who don't strive as much as I do.

So....

"Let's not be impatient."

Slowly, let's do what I can do for sure. I continued to solidify my control over the Formless Sword and my mind. Connecting to its essence, I gradually obtained the Formless Sword completely.

* * *

Fifty years passed.

Boom, boom!

I faced the heavenly tribulation and finally achieved the new Wonyounggi stage of Cheonin.

"It's a strange feeling."

The new Wonyounggi incantation was quite long and very simple. But it felt powerful in its simplicity. However, I felt a strange sense of dissonance.

"If I were to obtain a true orthodox foundation, it might cause a conflict with this."

I wondered if this was really the correct incantation. It was a bit puzzling, but not too strange, so I stabilized my cultivation. Now, the only thing left was to advance to the Sachukgi stage.

"I can reach it before the opening of the Jeongryongjin's token...!"

With confidence, I continued my training.

"...By the way."

Suddenly, I felt something strange.

"Isn't it time for Kang Minhee to come out of the side path?"

Kang Minhee hadn't come out of the side path. Feeling uneasy, I went to her office in the Ghost Soul Pavilion and asked her clone.

"Do you know what happened to the main body?"

Her clone, smoking a pipe, replied.

"...She hasn't come out for 50 years... you didn't know?"

"What?"

I was shocked by her next words.

"There were attackers from the Myung-gwi realm and the Blood Yin realm. Those who were out and about knew, but you didn't seem to know."

"...I had no idea."

"Don't just stay cooped up training, go out and make some friends."

"Hmm...."

"To hear that from Kang Minhee."

She only had Kim Yeon as a friend on Earth, yet she was giving me advice. It was quite amusing.

"So, is the elder currently... resting in the side path?"

"Yes. Originally, she was supposed to come out to the Gwanghan realm every 50 years to get some fresh air.... But other black elders say that with my talent, I can endure 100 years in the side path without losing my mind. I think so too."

"...I see."

I felt a bit uneasy.

"Still, wouldn't it be better to rest in the Gwanghan realm? If there's an attack from the Myung-gwi realm in the side path...."

"Oh, it's fine. The last attacker from the Myung-gwi realm came through another side path to the Gwanghan realm, then entered our side path to attack me. Normally, there's no way for attackers from the Myung-gwi realm to come through our side path."

"...But you're not a ghost."

"That's true, but I'm more familiar with ghost energy than most ghosts, so it's fine."

I felt worried as I watched her dismiss everything with a "it's fine."

"Ghost Mother...."

I still remembered. Her leading a horde of millions of ghosts, screaming madly, wielding ghost energy to split the strange fortress in half.

"When will the main body return?"

"Probably in about 30 years."

"I see."

"Then I'll have to take care of her mind with the Euihae Eunsan technique."

Although I had once sealed her mind with the Bongryeonghyo technique, making me less worried about the Ghost Mother than in my previous life, it was still unsettling. I decided to wait for her and returned to my chamber.

"...Wait."

Suddenly, I felt something strange and took a stance.

Wooong!

I floated a strong ring in the air and merged it. I tried to create the Formless Sword, but at some point, the Formless Sword that was forming in my hand scattered and became natural energy.

"...?"

"What the hell is going on?"

The Formless Sword no longer appeared. The Formless Sword was created by merging strong rings and reflecting my mind. But strangely, my mind was no longer reflected.

"Damn it, what's going on...?"

I broke out in a cold sweat and tried several times to float the Formless Sword again. And I failed every time.

* * *

Wheeeing—

Lying on the mountainside of the Glass Sword Mountain, I closed my eyes and focused my will on my hand. A trinity was spinning above my hand. Strangely, the more I controlled the Formless Sword and made my mind my own, the more I saw a phenomenon. My will was divided into three and naturally formed a trinity.

"Three...."

I felt that the number "three" was more important than the concept of the trinity. Recalling the feeling of being completed as myself when I first formed the trinity, I focused my consciousness even more. Approaching the essence of the Formless Sword, the realm of the soul. Grasping the essence of my mind. More and more. More and more!

Piiit—

As I spun the trinity formed by the Formless Sword above my hand, I felt like I was about to understand something.

* * *

"Could it be that being separated from the main body is causing this?"

But I couldn't be sure. After much thought, I decided to use the Euihae Eunsan technique. The Euihae Eunsan technique was part of the Danak Sword Technique, not the Formless Sword, so there was no problem using it.

"Yes, this will do."

As long as I could use the Euihae Eunsan technique, I could hold onto Kang Minhee's mind. I thought so.

Thirty years passed. Kang Minhee, who was in the side path, did not return. And at some point, her clone also disappeared from her office.

"What do you mean!?"

At my outburst, Heo Gwak and the black elders cleared their throats.

"What do you mean the side path is blocked? Isn't it the main valley's responsibility to manage the side path?"

Heo Gwak cleared his throat and spoke.

"It seems that Elder Kang Minhee did something inside the side path, Elder Seo."

I had also earned the title of a black elder in the Black Ghost Bone Valley over the past 80 years. Being an exceptional talent who was on the verge of reaching the Sachukgi stage within 100 years of entering the Black Ghost Bone Valley, I was considered a significant asset.

"Is there really no way to open the side path?"

"We've tried everything with the main valley's techniques and artifacts, and even with the help of the Sachukgi ghost king seniors and black elders in the Great Myo Tomb. But we've all failed. It's not a matter of power, but of structure. It's tightly sealed from the inside, making it impossible to open."

"Then... is there really no way?"

"Well... there is one method we can try."

At Heo Gwak's words, I asked with shining eyes.

"What method is that?"

"There is a place called Sapungyeok, far from the human territory in the Gwanghan realm. It's said to have such strong Yin energy that it can create another side path. If we create another side path there and cross from one side path to another, we might be able to pull Elder Kang out."

"Is it possible to cross from one side path to another?"

"Yes, side paths created with the same power can be crossed. Since the side path here and the one we create there will both be based on the power of the Submyeongham, it should be possible."

"I see.... By the way, did you say Sapungyeok?"

"Yes."

"Sapungyeok...."

I felt like I had heard that name somewhere before.

"If I could use the Myriad Connections Path, I could remember it right away, damn it...."

The Myriad Connections Path was engraved on the Colorless Glass Sword, which was currently with the main body that was becoming Seo Hyul. As I racked my brain, I felt like I had heard the name Sapungyeok somewhere before.

"Ah, Sapungyeok."

It was the adjacent area to the Sato Territory, where the Jeongryongjin's token was hidden.

"The meeting place with the Black Scale Ghost Sect 420 years later was also Sapungyeok, from where we were to go to the Sato Territory."

This was actually a good thing. I could create the side path in Sapungyeok and then meet the Black Scale Ghost Sect party at the appointed time to go to the Sato Territory. Moreover, with the Black Ghost Bone Valley fleet nearby, I could get help in case of emergency.

"But what is this feeling?"

I felt an inexplicable sense of foreboding about the name Sapungyeok. I couldn't figure out why.

* * *

Wooong—

In the darkness, inside Seo Eunhyun's chamber. With a gentle smile, Seo Eunhyun was surrounded by the hazy mist of the Myriad Connections Path. Smiling softly, Seo Eunhyun, or rather Seo Hyul who had taken over his body, poked at the hazy mist.

"Haha, this is similar to my Tak Hon Sal Myung technique."

He stroked his chin, looking at the hazy mist with a troubled expression.

"This is dangerous. If I delve into it recklessly, I might get brainwashed by Seo Doo instead. Haha... to think you created such a terrifying technique and didn't use it properly, only to fall to me. You must be feeling quite wronged, Seo Doo.... Now then...."

Rumble—

Seo Hyul's finger entered the hazy mist of the Myriad Connections Path.

"Shall we find the pillar of this technique? If it's similar to my Tak Hon Sal Myung, finding the source pillar should reveal the hidden aspects."

He smiled slyly and spoke to Seo Eunhyun, who was likely listening from within.

"I'll borrow the talent of your body for a bit. With the talent of your body, finding the pillar of this technique should be a piece of cake."

Using the physical talent to trace the source of the technique.

"The Tak Hon Sal Gyeon technique."

From Seo Hyul's perspective, with the talent of a Cheonin level capable of exerting the power of a combined stage master, finding the pillar in one go should be possible.

"To reveal your greatest secret with your own talent, how pitiful. Haha...."

Seo Hyul laughed. And Seo Eunhyun, focusing in his mind, didn't hear his words.