The blackened claws tore through the air. I quickly rolled backward, dodging Kang Minhee's attack. In an instant, her attack sliced through the air where I had been, cutting through the terrain of Hanumtaek. The place where her attack passed was so cold that it was visibly chilling.

"Damn it." If I got hit, I would die. I could feel it clearly. Even if I used the Wuxing Sword and the Ghost Army Circuit with this body, it was only at the level of a Tianrenqi. There was no way I could stop her, a Sachuqin.

"Did she realize that I'm Seo Eunhyun?" It didn't seem like that. I glanced at her, examining her intent.

"The dark red hatred... is deeply settled." If she knew I was here in person, she would be burning with anger rather than hatred. So, there was only one possibility.

"Did she mistake me for someone else?" That was the only explanation. I quickly retreated and shouted at Kang Minhee.

"Elder, why are you doing this? Could it be a misunderstanding?"

Kang Minhee scoffed and said, "There's no way it's a misunderstanding. That darkness... this sense of déjà vu... and those familiar actions... You are that guy."

"What do you mean by 'that guy'?"

"Well, did you ever have a name? I don't know. I've always called you Shadow. Sometimes you mimicked a mother, sometimes a father, sometimes a friend, and sometimes a complete stranger. That's your identity, isn't it? This time, you're mimicking someone I don't know."

"Damn it." There was no doubt. She mistook me for someone else, not Seo Eunhyun. That someone seemed to be a being shrouded in darkness, like the deathly aura I carried.

"Even though she seems smart, Kang Minhee sometimes trusts her good brain too much and jumps to strange conclusions." That's why, a year and a half before coming to Deungsunhyang, we fought so much, and because of the project she pushed, she caused significant damage to the company.

"Well, thanks to that, I memorized the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, so it wasn't a total loss...." Anyway, she sometimes made mistakes by trusting her genius too much. This seemed to be one of those times.

"Judging by her state, she won't listen even if I explain." 

Boom! Her attack flew past me, exploding with a blue light beyond the horizon of Hanumtaek, dyeing the sky. The cold air froze my entire body. My movements began to slow down. Kang Minhee attempted close combat, swinging her attack, then suddenly extended it to pierce my right arm. At the same time, she shortened the attack and grabbed my collar with her right arm, pulling me towards her.

"This is a leg sweep!" She seemed to grasp the flow of power, and I began to fall due to her. Kang Minhee was good at everything. Work, exercise, foreign languages. She was a jack-of-all-trades, except for interpersonal relationships and morality.

Among her famous stories was one involving Jeon Myunghoon. When he was a deputy, he once visited Oh Hyesuh's apartment, where she was having a small party with female employees. He tried to make a move on Kang Minhee, who was there, and she immediately threw him down. Jeon Myunghoon ended up with a broken ankle and six weeks of recovery. He walked around with crutches for a while and couldn't even look at Kang Minhee.

"Didn't Oh Hyesuh tell me about this?" According to Oh Hyesuh's testimony, after breaking Jeon Myunghoon's ankle, Kang Minhee calmly smoked a cigarette and called a taxi to send him to the hospital. Jeon Myunghoon claimed he was using crutches due to a car accident, but thanks to Oh Hyesuh, everyone in the department knew the truth. Kim Younghoon and Oh Hyunseok considered reporting it, but since neither side said much, the incident was quietly resolved.

"Indeed, she's strong." Kang Minhee was strong. Before coming to Deungsunhyang, even though she couldn't use internal energy, she already had the skills of a first-rate martial artist. I twisted my body in mid-air, planted my foot on the ground, and pushed off, colliding with her with both palms. As the Blood Demon Sea activated, a vast sea of blood began to form between my palms and her, allowing me to distance myself from her.

And then, I realized something. "Kang Minhee...."

A line of intent aimed at my neck. I quickly dodged the following attack, breaking into a cold sweat. She had reached the pinnacle on her own, using the judo and combat experience she learned on Earth, along with her attack.

Unlike Kim Yeon, who reached the Moon Crossing Heaven with my help, or Oh Hyunseok, who was born with the talent of a martial artist and trained under Changhoja, or Kim Younghoon, who had a talent specialized in martial arts, she reached the pinnacle purely through her own effort and talent.

"Indeed, a genius."

* * *

"Damn it." I clicked my tongue inwardly and focused my consciousness on Seorip. Something significant was happening there, and shocking facts were unfolding before me.

"Were you engaged to Hyeonwon?"

"Yes. We got engaged for benefits rather than affection. Although Hyeonwon has mellowed now, he was quite handsome when he was young, so I didn't mind. He seemed to like me too."

Yeonwi continued her story. "At first, it was more of a friendship than love. No, we felt camaraderie while capturing the Black Dragon King. We worked well together.... If our relationship had continued, it might have developed into love. Until Hyeonwon fell in love with another woman."

A bitter expression crossed her face. "Hyeonwon fell in love with another woman from the Golden Thunder Sect and apologized to me. I was a bit disappointed but accepted it. After all, it would benefit the Golden Thunder Sect. If it was a love marriage rather than a political one, it would benefit the Golden Thunder Sect even more, so I was willing to break off the engagement. And... I wanted to see who the bold disciple who stole his heart was."

Before my eyes, the shocking past of Hyeonwon and Yeonwi unfolded. On the other side, Kang Minhee and Seorip's relentless chase continued. I quickly turned my mind, trying to figure out who Kang Minhee mistook Seorip for. My mind seemed to work faster, and the relationships between people unfolded before me. How to twist those relationships to my maximum benefit. Countless thoughts and plans poured out.

"It's a strange feeling." I wondered if I always had this talent. I examined the relationships, tracing back the 'Shadow' that Kang Minhee mentioned while attacking Seorip. And, as I traced back through the relationships, I felt something strange.

"The person she calls Shadow is something that has been with Kang Minhee 'since Earth.'" That meant it was one of the Doomsday Beings. But the characteristics she mentioned were 'Seo Eunhyun.' However, Seo Eunhyun was different from 'Shadow.'

"What is this? Who is Shadow?" I instructed Seorip to ask Kang Minhee a few questions. Following my orders, Seorip threw the lines I wrote on the spot at Kang Minhee.

* * *

"Hehe, Kang Sa-woo. Why are you doing this? Was it because you didn't like the prank I played after joining the company?"

Kang Minhee, now in the form of an eight-foot ghost, drove her attack at me even more fiercely.

* * *

"Judging by Kang Minhee's reaction, it's someone who influenced her before the company. She lost her father, so her mother? No. The one time I met her mother, she didn't seem like the type to say such things. Then...."

I quickly turned my mind and reached a conclusion. "Kang Minhee has a mental illness that I didn't know about. She has been seeing hallucinations due to this mental illness, and she is trying to explain her misfortune through those hallucinations. She is now mistaking Seorip's characteristics for her hallucination."

I had always thought I needed treatment. In hindsight, it seemed like an overreaction, but there must have been a reason for my judgment. But now, it seemed that the one who needed treatment was not me, but Kang Minhee. And then, I was startled by Yeonwi's next words.

"The name of the Golden Thunder Sect disciple Hyeonwon loved was Cheonra. There is no female disciple named Cheonra in our Golden Thunder Sect. Even after searching for male disciples who learned the gender transformation technique, there was none. I even contacted the main sect in the underworld, but there was none. Hyeonwon... at some point, he developed a mental illness where he created and loved a non-existent woman."

"...!?" The revealed truth left me speechless. "Did he try to kill me and Jeon Myunghoon because of a mental illness, claiming we couldn't protect the Golden Thunder Sect?"

I felt a surge of irritation towards Hyeonwon, but then I felt something strange. The investigation of the combined technique was not just about being a strong monster. The expansion and grandeur of the consciousness meant that one could perceive and understand more, and the mind itself would grow. At the level of the combined technique, going mad was not easy. The mind was too strong.

So, what could cause such a strong mind like Hyeonwon's to develop a mental illness? "Why did he develop a mental illness?"

Yeonwi looked up at the sky for a while. A hint of bitterness, regret, and fear flowed from her intent. "I investigated why. The process of finding out was arduous, but to cut to the chase, I found out in the underworld why Hyeonwon developed a mental illness."

"A non-existent woman he created and loved." I felt that Kang Minhee, who was fighting Seorip, overlapped with Hyeonwon. She, too, was creating and hating something that didn't exist.

"Maybe there's a clue to solving Kang Minhee's problem?" I focused on Yeonwi's words.

"Why did he develop it?"

"...A god."

"A god...?"

"Hyeonwon developed a mental illness by directly facing a great high-ranking being called a god. Facing such a vastly superior being, even in a dream, can cause mental problems."

A great being. A True Immortal. Perhaps Kang Minhee's mental illness was also related to a True Immortal.

"And... whether it was due to the influence of that high-ranking being or not, the Guanghan Realm tried to erase the traces of the Golden Thunder Sect and some others at some point, and I erased the Golden Thunder Sect with my own hands under Baekun's orders. Then, using the divine artifact of the Yin Soul Ghost Sect and the techniques I learned in the underworld, I forcibly sealed and treated Hyeonwon's mind."

Yeonwi revealed the truth from 40,000 years ago. "And the treated Hyeonwon firmly believed that I killed his lover. His memory was distorted during the treatment process. The rest is known. I sacrificed the divine artifact of the Yin Soul Ghost Sect to weaken Hyeonwon's realm and inflicted a fatal wound, making him recuperate in Geongon Castle."

This was the truth from 40,000 years ago. Yeonwi, under the orders of the Guanghan Realm's Saint Baekun, destroyed the Golden Thunder Sect with her own hands and tried to treat Hyeonwon in the process. The treatment was successful, but as a result, Hyeonwon's memory was distorted, and he tried to kill Yeonwi. I thought about Yeonwi, who was exuding a bitter intent inside Yeonjin.

"How tragic." And suddenly, I felt something strange. "Is Hyeonwon tragic, or is Yeonwi tragic?" For some reason, I felt that Hyeonwon, whose mind was toyed with by a great being, was more tragic.

* * *

"Damn it, main body. Kang Minhee is going even crazier!" After I mentioned Kang Sa-woo, Kang Minhee completely lost it and charged at me.

"Is Hyeonwon tragic? I feel that Yeonwi, who was betrayed by her lover, is more tragic...." It was a strange difference of opinion between my main body and me.

Whoosh! Slash! Kang Minhee's attack tore a chunk out of my stomach.

"This won't do." If this continued, I would die. Dying wasn't the problem, but losing the identity I had created in the Black Ghost Valley would be painful.

"I promised to go to the Jeomuldo with Jeongryongjin as Seorip's identity, but I can't miss this opportunity...!" Absolutely not. I quickly turned my mind. Wonyu's blood body was practicing the Celestial Clan Technique. It could use techniques like the Wuxing Sword and the Ghost Army Circuit. But it hadn't mastered the Earth Clan Technique.

"The Celestial and Earth Demons don't harmonize, so I can't overcome the two-realm difference." In that case, how could I win against Kang Minhee, who wouldn't listen to any explanation? How....

As I pondered, I suddenly observed the demonized Wonyoung within me. "Wait, is that possible?" It seemed like a crazy idea, but I felt that it might be possible with Seorip's body. If I couldn't overcome the two-realm difference, I could make it a one-realm difference.

So. "I will escape from Kang Minhee and immediately elevate this body to the Tianrenqi!"

Whoosh! Absorbing the surrounding Yin energy and the demonic energy from Kang Minhee, I quickly began to elevate my mind towards the Tianrenqi.

"Ascend to the Tianrenqi!" Right now!