The atmosphere in the conference room was tense.

"The Wujigyo Sect has caused us significant losses."

"I've heard that the nefarious sect has already captured countless ghosts, jiangshi, and white-bone demons to use as their followers. How on earth did they manage that...?"

"It's obvious! They must have used some sinister sorcery to brainwash the innocent jiangshi!"

Wishing, the sect leader of the Shihuzong, slammed the round table, emitting a fierce corpse aura.

"What's the point of discussing this here! We need to capture and punish all the minions of that demonic sect who are brainwashing innocent ghosts right now!"

The space around them began to distort due to Wishing's furious energy. Watching this, Yinwa, the sect leader of the Yinumun, spoke in a calm voice. Yinwa, covered in a black veil, revealed a pale hand from within the shadowy veil and dispersed Wishing's energy.

"Calm down, Sect Leader Wei. Even if we attack right now, we are not certain we can defeat that old ghost. What if we lose? That mad old ghost might seek revenge on our subordinates. They might even use their sinister sorcery to brainwash us and turn us into fanatics."

"So, you want us to just sit here and discuss like cowards?"

"We need to prepare for the possibility of defeat as well."

Watching the two disagree, Baeklin cleared his throat.

"Both of you are right. We need to figure out how to deal with that demonic sect and also consider the possibility of defeat if the old ghost is stronger than expected. What we need right now is information. It has already been a month since that old ghost occupied our territory. It's not a long time, but it's not short either. I have gathered some information and plan to share it here. If the sect leaders of Yinumun and Shihuzong have any information, please share it."

After finishing his words, Baeklin began to share the information he had gathered.

"First, the information collected by Baekmaekmun. When the old ghost occupied our territory, Baekmaekmun was in charge of it. According to the testimonies of the subordinates who witnessed the scene, the old ghost and his subordinates' demonic arts had these characteristics."

Shuffling! Baeklin took out a scroll from his sleeve and spread it on the round table. The scroll depicted a monster with 19 heads rampaging in the territory, recorded in a video.

The three leaders' eyes lit up as they watched the scene.

"That technique..."

"I feel like I've seen it somewhere."

Baeklin clapped his hands as he watched them.

"In the past, the Black Ghost Bone Palace had dealings with the Yin Ghosts. Among the techniques they used was one called 'Ghost Lineage Demon Art.' The technique used by that monster looks very similar to it. Of course, there are other strange abilities and unknown flows mixed in, making it hard to confirm, but that old ghost is highly likely related to the Black Ghost Bone Palace."

"What, related to the Black Ghost Bone Palace!?"

"Damn, is the Black Ghost Bone Palace targeting the non-aggression zone between the Famous Ghost Palace and Bongraedo?"

"There's a possibility."

The three leaders let out a sigh.

"Especially that subordinate of the old ghost, the one emitting black lightning!"

Their eyes focused on a monster emitting black lightning from its entire body. The monster had six shadows at its feet, dancing and singing around it while continuously spitting out black lightning. The black lightning emitted by the monster melted the protective formations set up by Baekmaek, Yinumun, and Shihuzong like snow in fire.

"Ugh, of all things, it's lightning, which is not compatible with ghosts. How did they manage to refine the lightning of the Exorcism Sect into a curse... impressive."

Wishing frowned as if he had a headache. However, Yinwa seemed to have noticed something and gasped in surprise.

"That, that is the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God!?"

"Hmm? Do you know that technique?"

"Of course, I do. I faced it in my youth. It was created not by the main palace of the Black Ghost Bone Palace but by a branch in another dimension, interpreting the techniques of a rival sect from another dimension. The technique was so powerful that it spread to the main palace. It can refine the lightning of the Exorcism Sect into a curse, making it formidable against righteous techniques and deadly to other ghosts."

"Ugh... so those people are indeed from the Black Ghost Bone Palace?"

Baeklin shook his head at Wishing's concern.

"I don't think so. Look at that old ghost. Having 19 death forms in one body, such a thing can't happen normally unless one repeatedly obtains a body and commits suicide. So why does that old ghost have such a form? It's simple."

He spoke with confidence.

"That person might have been part of the Black Ghost Bone Palace before, but now they are a being driven mad by the invasion of a True Immortal!"

"Ugh...!"

"A monster invaded by a True Immortal..."

Yinwa spoke with concern.

"So, what the demonic sect worships might be..."

"Most likely a True Immortal. They might be trying to summon a fragment of a True Immortal to this land."

"Such evil! The Holy Sage Yuwo will not allow it!"

"Let's hope so."

The three of them had serious expressions for a while. After some time, the video of the old ghost's battle disappeared, and Baeklin explained the old ghost's power, techniques, and characteristics to the others.

"This is all the information Baekmaekmun has gathered and analyzed. Please share your information as well."

This time, Yinwa took out a scroll from her sleeve.

"I investigated the Wujigyo Sect itself through the shadow ghosts of Yinumun. Although there wasn't much time, I managed to gather some information about the current leaders of the Wujigyo Sect, their appearances, backgrounds, and roles."

She began her explanation.

"First, the military leader and the old ghost's concubine, Heukbaekmogwi Yeonjin. Although his cultivation is only at the Decisive Stage, he is always seen talking with the old ghost or his subordinate Jeon Myeonghun. Despite his low cultivation, he must be a person of great strategy. If we can't assassinate the old ghost, we should target him next."

Baeklin and Wishing took note of Yinwa's words, their eyes shining.

"Next are the four great protectors of the Wujigyo Sect. The Grand Protector, Yukgeukgwiwang Jeon Myeonghun. As you saw in Baekmaekmun's records, he uses the Six Extreme Yin Thunder God and also red lightning. The red lightning is especially powerful and extremely dangerous to us. We must avoid being hit by it at all costs. Even a graze can be fatal, so we must never engage him in a direct confrontation. Interestingly, he always sits on top of the sect building at night, stroking 'someone's hand.'"

"Hmm... peculiar."

"As expected of the Grand Protector of a demonic sect. A position that no normal person can attain."

They read the information, letting out sighs. A Grand Protector who controls black and red lightning, and strokes a dead person's hand at night! They hoped they would never have to face Jeon Myeonghun.

"Next is the Left Protector, Gimyogwiwang Kim Yeon. The Right Protector, Myeolhongwiwang Oh Hyunseok. There is no information on Oh Hyunseok as he is always focused on training, but Kim Yeon is known for brainwashing captured followers. The innocent ghosts that pass through her hands all become fanatics loyal to the Wujigyo Sect. She is a sinister and evil ghost skilled in ritual techniques."

"Such a vile...!"

"She must be eliminated!"

"Lastly, there is a person named Suhobop Hongbeom, but we have no information on him. We barely managed to find out his name. It is presumed that he is always by the old ghost's side, acting as his protector. Here is some information on the techniques and skills they use."

Yinwa took out another scroll and spread it out.

"We didn't have much time, so we couldn't find out much."

"No, this is more than enough."

"Excellent, Sect Leader Yinwa!"

After reading the information, their eyes turned to Wishing, the sect leader of Shihuzong.

"Baekmaekmun and Yinumun have done well. However, I couldn't gather such detailed information. But I did find out something important."

Wishing smirked as he spoke.

"It's about the Wujigyo Sect's leader and a suspicious aspect of his technique."

He raised his finger with a sinister expression.

"According to my informants, the old ghost, the sect leader, roams the sect during the day, doing something sinister with the followers. But at night, he locks himself in his quarters, wrapping it in a black curse so that no one can enter."

Wishing looked at Baeklin as he spoke.

"Isn't it strange? For us ghosts, the night is a better time to be active than the day. And considering Baeklin's earlier suggestion that the old ghost might be invaded by a True Immortal, doesn't it lead to an interesting hypothesis?"

"Could it be...!"

"Exactly! That old ghost is invaded by a True Immortal, and the source of his terrifying power comes from the True Immortals above! That's why he locks himself in his quarters at night, wrapping it in a curse to prevent anyone from entering!"

"Indeed...!"

Baeklin and Yinwa's faces brightened.

"In other words, the night is likely the old ghost's weakness! Therefore, I propose that we join forces and launch a full-scale attack at night!"

* * *

Deep within the Wujigyo Sect, in the basement of the occupied territory, I sat on a throne and sighed.

'How did it come to this?'

Clank, clank, clank! The sound of something clanking echoed as two ghosts appeared with Yeonwi from the basement. Yeonwi smiled and bowed excessively towards me.

"Military Leader Yeonwi greets the Sect Leader!"

"Follower Gwak Seung greets the Sect Leader."

"Follower Wirim greets the Sect Leader."

Following Yeonwi, the two ghosts knelt and bowed to me. I shook my 19 heads, my eyes gleaming. Then, trying to appear as dignified as possible, I spoke.

"Yes, yes! You have already received the 'procedure' from the Left Protector Gimyogwiwang."

Originally jiangshi, their bodies had been transformed into living puppets by Kim Yeon. My initial plan was to create a sect that provided 'bodies' for ghosts suffering from the lack of physical form in the ghost realm. The puppets of the Ghost Lord were originally designed to cultivate artificial souls, so with some modifications, they could be used as bodies for regular souls. This plan was possible thanks to my thousand years of research on the Ghost Lord's puppets and the expertise of his disciple, Kim Yeon.

However, Yeonwi's reaction was more enthusiastic than I expected, and as she predicted, the promise of providing puppet bodies attracted all the ghosts to the Wujigyo Sect.

'But I originally intended to create a moderate sect...'

I never intended to become the leader of such a sect. Yeonwi insisted that establishing a religion would be more effective in gathering power, so we created the Wujigyo Sect.

'This is ridiculous. It's like a cult.'

I grumbled inwardly as I extended my hand towards the kneeling followers.

"Yes, Sect Leader."

"We believe in you."

Buzzing― The circuits appeared on the bodies of the jiangshi who had received the procedure from Kim Yeon. Simultaneously, their bodies were fully transformed into puppets.

"Huh, what is this power...!"

"This comfort...! Ah...! The ghost realm's energy has weakened!"

In addition, I poured the Yin Soul Ghost Spell into the circuits of the puppets. The areas that caused 'pain' were completely dismantled within the puppet structure and circuits that Kim Yeon and I had performed the procedure on, leaving them to feel only the comfort provided by the Yin Soul Ghost Spell.

"It feels like a living body...! And unlike a living body, the decay is much slower..."

"Ah...! Sect Leader. I will carry out my duties with utmost loyalty!"

After bestowing 'grace' upon the two fanatical followers, I nodded. Originally, the two jiangshi followers had the power of the Origin Energy Stage, but after receiving the puppet procedure, their power surged to the Celestial Energy Stage. The power amplification was extraordinary because it wasn't just a simple circuit but a living puppet that Kim Yeon had meticulously crafted. They would have power close to the Demonic Energy Stage in the Celestial Energy Stage.

"Loyalty!"

The two jiangshi followers shouted their loyalty and rushed into the occupied territory without hesitation. Yeonwi crossed her arms with a satisfied expression.

"Good, the sect is growing steadily. I heard that the Wujigyo Sect has already established itself in one of the lower realms. Haha, such speed in less than a month... it's truly insane."

I sighed and reverted to my human form.

"Isn't this too much like a cult leader?"

"What are you talking about? You are already a great demonic sect leader. Fulfill your role."

"No..."

"To gather power, this is necessary. Just follow along."

As I was about to voice my complaints, the throne I was sitting on began to glow. The throne was connected to the occupied territory, emitting countless magical characters. Seeing this, Yeonwi flinched and her face lit up with joy.

"Good! The response is coming already! Activate it!"

Buzzing! At Yeonwi's words, I sighed lightly and activated the formation in the basement. Flash! Magical characters buzzed and floated on the entire wall of the basement. I focused my mind on the occupied territory while sitting on the throne.

In the case of the Five Elements Pillars, you just need to gather materials and offer a ritual to the world and the energy hierarchy. The materials are simply 'attributes.' For example, for the water attribute, you can extract the inner core of a water-dwelling monster or the original energy of a human who has mastered water attribute techniques.

So how do you gather the Five Blessings Pillars? The method is quite troublesome. First, it is advantageous to have a large force that extends to the lower realms. Then, you spread the 'ritual' that borrows the power of the Demonic Energy Stage to various places in the lower realms or other dimensions or regions. When the 'ritual' is activated in the lower realms or other dimensions or regions, the Demonic Energy Stage practitioner borrows the power of the middle realm to connect to the 'ritual.'

Buzzing― I closed my eyes and extended my consciousness to the occupied territory. Flash! Using the ghost realm as an intermediary, my consciousness extended to places it normally couldn't reach. Buzzing― I passed through countless stars, spaces, and dimensions, extending my consciousness to a planet in the celestial realm.

Buzzing― When I came to my senses, I was facing the spirit of a human on a planet. He was a young man covered in blood, screaming as if he was about to faint upon seeing me.

"Ah, ahhh! Ahhh!!!"

'So, he's at the Foundation Establishment Stage...'

It seemed that the followers of my Wujigyo Sect had taken root on this planet and spread the ritual connecting to me. Thanks to sending down followers with the power of the Celestial Energy Stage, the ritual had spread quickly.

"Ahhh!"

In the mental world, I sighed as I watched the Foundation Establishment Stage practitioner scream at the sight of me. Thinking about it, from the Demonic Energy Stage onwards, it is difficult to even look directly at someone without the power of the Original Energy Stage. Moreover, in the mental world, I seemed to be represented as a giant shadow with immense power.

'If I reveal my true form, it won't end with just screams.'

If a Foundation Establishment Stage practitioner directly faced my true form, they would suffer significant injuries, not just see a big ghost. I adjusted my level and asked the practitioner a question.

"Huff, huff... huff..."

In the mental world, the Foundation Establishment Stage practitioner, sweating profusely, spoke to me.

"Great one, I have performed the ritual to summon you. Can you grant my wish?"

I looked at him and asked.

"Yes! Please lend me your power! The power to avenge my family!"

I extended my consciousness beyond the mental world to observe the surroundings. He was performing the ritual in a dark cave, unconscious and connecting with me. Next to him was a ritual book titled 'Wujigwiwang Ritual Book,' containing the ritual to offer to me. The cave was filled with strange magical characters and symbols representing the ghost realm and me. Extending my consciousness outside the cave, I heard shouts and cries of 'Catch the escaped rat.'

'His family was destroyed by another force, and he wants power to escape and seek revenge.'

I focused my consciousness back on the mental world and asked the man in front of me.

"I am ready to offer anything...! Anything! So please, grant me power!"

'Gathering the Five Blessings Pillars... I don't like it.'

Although it was necessary for our situation, I wondered if this method was truly right as I asked.

"Yes, yes! I will give you anything! So please, grant me power!"

I extended my hand towards the man in front of me and spoke. Using the ghost realm as an intermediary, I made a contract.

'Is this method really right?'

This is how you gather the Five Blessings Pillars. You receive [something precious] from the other party, process it with the power of the middle realm, and obtain the concept. After making a contract with the Foundation Establishment Stage practitioner, I possessed his body and went outside to solve his immediate problem.

Rumble! Outside, the area was burning, and dozens of Foundation Establishment Stage practitioners were setting the place on fire, searching for something.

"Hey, there's the runaway!"

"Catch him!"

"Kill him!"

And I saw several Foundation Establishment Stage practitioners flying towards me.

"Haha, did you manage to escape while barely succeeding in the Foundation Establishment?"

"Even so, you're just a Foundation Establishment Stage 1! Here, the elder of the Weesangyeok is renowned as one of the 12 great Foundation Establishment Stage masters of the Mongun Continent! Feel the power of the Foundation Establishment Stage master!"

"..."

