My name is (1) Paaaaat! Swords danced wildly. No, the colorless glass sword was more like a beam of light. Thousands of beams were pouring towards Seohul. I moved my sword with even more dedication than when I had previously defeated the 15 Sashukgi investigators. 'I will kill him here.' Originally, I had thought about listening to Seohul a bit and using him to some extent. However, I realized that my mental state was starting to change arbitrarily while talking to him. Seohul had been brainwashing me all along. 'This guy is impossible to deal with.' Kuguaguaguaguang! The ground trembled from the aftermath of my sword strike. 'I will erase him without leaving a speck of dust!' Paaaaat! Thousands and tens of thousands of beams emitted from a single sword strike rushed towards Seohul, disintegrating each of his cells! To kill a Sashukgi investigator, you have to split the Tianyuan region inside him. My consciousness became even more precise. Seohul's forbidden technique shattered. His original spirit collapsed. I could see the round Tianyuan and the foundation of the Sashuk region inside him. Shushushushuk! A total of four sword strikes. The four strikes initially disintegrated the Tianyuan region. Then, I began to tear and disintegrate his Tianyuan region completely. Flash! He seemed to be saying something, but I ignored it. There is no trust in someone who tries to brainwash you as soon as you meet. It is better to completely annihilate him when you meet to avoid future troubles. Paaaaat! He tried to reveal his Qi barrier, but even that was ground down by my colorless glass sword. His Qi barrier vanished in an instant, and what remained in front of me was his body turned to dust. 'Now, I have killed all the flesh.' But Sashukgi investigators resurrect. They can resurrect in their own bodies, but many Sashukgi investigators resurrect in places they have designated. I cannot allow that. So, how do you kill a resurrecting Sashukgi investigator? It's simple. Wooooong! The invisible sword vibrated. At the same time, the rank of the invisible sword rose, leaping to the rank of the soul. "You cannot resurrect." The invisible sword, freely traversing ranks, licked its lips towards Seohul's soul. ―Cut! The sense of the invisible sword connected with me, and I began to see it with my own eyes. The passage of the soul that Sashukgi investigators pass through to resurrect! If it were an ordinary Sashukgi investigator, even knowing that the opponent would resurrect, they could not touch that soul passage. Even a combined technique practitioner would need to be at least in the late stage of the combined technique to do so. The rank was too high. But I was different. Buuuuung! The invisible sword rose to the rank where the soul passage was, and severed the connection between Seohul and the passage. Paat! "Die, Seohul." Pabababababat! An enormous stream of light rushed in, disintegrating Seohul's soul completely. He vanished within the storm of light with a final scream. That was the end of Seohul. "Hoo...." As soon as I confirmed that Seohul's soul had scattered, I stopped my sword. Then I looked at him. His body, empowered by that absurd vitality, had started to regenerate even though it had turned to dust, but it stopped regenerating as soon as his soul scattered. Seohul's body, with only his face remaining. That body was still smiling. Kindly, as if he hadn't felt the fear of death at all. "...." I killed Seohul. I split the Tianyuan region, thoroughly preventing resurrection. I even scattered his soul. But what on earth is this? Looking at Seohul's smiling face, I couldn't shake the feeling that he wasn't truly dead. 'This is very unsettling....' Could it be a clone? But I shook my head. 'He definitely used the Qi barrier, and there was a Tianyuan region inside him.' If what I killed was a clone, it would mean Seohul's clone was a Sashukgi. He wasn't a monster, and there was no reason for him to waste a Sashukgi clone in such a place. 'Moreover, although it was faint, his mental state... and the thoughts I saw when he died... those were real.' In other words, this was Seohul's main body. "...Are you dead?" Tap tap― I tapped Seohul's face fragment. He didn't suddenly come back to life. Just in case, I picked up Seohul's face fragment, emptied one of the storage tools, and sealed his face inside it. It was unsettling, but if he was really dead... I could use it as an infinite mask, so it wouldn't be a loss. "Hmm... Anyway, it seems he is truly dead." There's no need for something like "Did I defeat him?" He is definitely dead. Thinking that, I felt incredibly refreshed, and the heavy emotions that had been weighing on my heart disappeared. I had been under considerable pressure just from Seohul's existence. 'From now on, I should kill him on sight.' I decided how to deal with Seohul in the future and thought about it. Then I sent a mental message to Hongbeom and Jeon Myeonghun to release their sensory block. After entering the Heavenly Realm, my ability to send mental messages to non-mental clan members had greatly strengthened. Originally, non-mental clan members couldn't perceive the mental messages even if they received them. But by enhancing the will contained in the mental message more clearly, it felt easier to send the message and convey the meaning. "So, what was that about? That dragon bastard just now... it looked like the one we saw in Deungsunhyang before?" "Yes. It was a very insidious and cunning guy. He tried to brainwash me, so I killed him." I answered Jeon Myeonghun's question, and Hongbeom laughed heartily at my answer. "Haha, well done, Master. Those who covet you deserve to die." "Seohul is indeed such a guy." I felt no guilt in killing Seohul no matter how many times. "So, what will you do now, Seoeunhyun?" "It's obvious. I will enter the Human Clan's General Alliance and be recognized as a Taesu. If I can't become a Taesu, I will at least be recognized as a force equivalent to it." "Hmm, will they recognize you? You are a wanted man, and I heard that the mental clan techniques? Those are rejected by the Celestial Clan, aren't they?" "Yes. However... the one who brought down the Heavenly Punishment. We weren't the only ones watching that day." "What?" "That day, all the Taesu of the Celestial Clan's combined technique were watching the Thunder Spirit Island." I explained the situation. "So... because they were watching the Thunder Spirit Island, all the Celestial Clan members except for a few like Heonwon suffered fatal injuries?" "Yes." "So, if you go in to fill the vacant power of the Celestial Clan, they will accept you?" "That's right." "Hmm... not bad." Jeon Myeonghun nodded. "Then I should prepare in the Gwanghan Realm so that the future disciples of the Golden Thunder Sect can settle when they ascend." "That's a good idea. Then, for now... shall we head to the Human Clan's General Alliance? To the Celestial Human Road?" Paaaaat! At that moment. Jiiiiing! I flinched at the 'signal' I felt from somewhere. Using the flying technique with Jeon Myeonghun, I flew towards the direction of the Human Clan's General Alliance, focusing my mind on the signal. Soon, I could tell where the signal was coming from. 'Wonyu!' Wonyu had entered the Gwanghan Realm. * * * Woooong, Wooooong! I connected to Wonyu's mind. The strange technique I had implanted in him activated, working inside his original spirit, and our visions and senses began to connect one by one. 'This place is....' When I barely opened my eyes with Wonyu's body and looked around. "Hmm, surprising. It's good that we got an ascender as soon as we set up the Ascension Platform... but the ascender is only at the mid-stage of the original spirit level." "...!" I hurriedly looked up at the person in the black robe who had approached me. He looked down at me. A thick aura of malice emanated from him. "It seems you have mastered demonic arts? You must have mastered a demonic art with quite good regenerative power to withstand the dimensional pressure. It might actually be a good choice to ascend at the original spirit level since you will encounter fewer corpses." "Where is this place?" I knew, but I confirmed it again through Wonyu's mouth. "This is the Gwanghan Realm, the inner Ascension Platform of the Black Ghost Bone Valley." "Is it not the Myunggui Realm?" "Ho, did you aim for the Myunggui Realm and ascend?" "Yes, for now." I nodded. I thought it would be the Myunggui Realm as indicated by the attraction of the Submyeongham, but it turned out to be just the inner part of the Black Ghost Bone Valley.... Then, I felt something strange. 'Wait, Ascension Platform? Inside the Black Ghost Bone Valley?' I looked at the ground I was standing on. It was the same Ascension Platform as the one in the Geongon Star. And inside the Ascension Platform, I could feel the power of the Gongryeongji. 'Ha, these Black Ghost Bone Valley bastards.... They didn't report the Gongryeongji within their sect to the Human Clan and made their own Ascension Platform to monopolize it? To absorb all the talents coming from the lower realms into their sect?' I looked at the black-robed investigator in front of me. 'Heogak' and spoke. "Can you tell me why I, who aimed for the Myunggui Realm, ended up in the Gwanghan Realm?" "It's simple. This Ascension Platform is filled with malice, making it very similar to the Ascension Platform of the Myunggui Realm." "...!" "The Myunggui Realm is good, but our Gwanghan Realm's Black Ghost Bone Valley is not bad either. No, in some ways, it's better than the Myunggui Realm. Although it's slightly different from the main sect in the Myunggui Realm, it still enjoys the honor of being one of the five great sects of the Human Clan and is treated quite well. Moreover, the techniques we possess are only slightly inferior to those of the main sect, and we share most of the techniques." He smiled broadly. "If it's our Black Ghost Bone Valley, we can guarantee the same effect as training in the Myunggui Realm. We really like talents like you who ascend alone. Moreover, we treat the talents we accept very well. How about it, would you like to join our main sect?" "...." I awkwardly smiled with Wonyu's body. Heogak's thoughts entered my eyes immediately. Unlike Seohul, he didn't have any technique to defend against the mental clan's vision, so I could roughly understand his intentions. 'If I refuse, he will kill me.' The fact that they had an Ascension Platform within their sect meant that. Gongryeongji should not be owned by a specific group according to the principle. But they secretly obtained Gongryeongji and made an Ascension Platform. What happens if an investigator from that Ascension Platform doesn't join their sect? It's obvious. They would have no choice but to kill and destroy to keep their mouths shut. The Black Ghost Bone Valley mainly deals with ghost techniques, so they might kill those who refuse and refine them into ghost techniques. From their perspective, the Ascension Platform is a source of high-quality disciples or high-quality materials for ghost techniques, so it wouldn't be a bad thing. I pretended to think for a moment and then spoke. "It is an honor. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to join the great Black Ghost Bone Valley." Heogak smiled brightly with a face that was neither male nor female and warmly patted my back. "Congratulations on becoming a disciple of the Black Ghost Bone Valley. What's your name?" After a moment of thought, I awkwardly smiled and said. "Seorip."