The Madman's Radiance (1)

Flash! A beam of light engulfs me. Junje is famous. A genius who reached the Fusion Stage in just 5,000 years. A prodigy of the Metal attribute cultivation technique, and a monster symbolizing the martial power of the Human race alongside Hyeonwon and Golmaek.

Crackle! Junje, whose entire body was covered in golden scales, swung his hand at me. Thud— I nullified the power of the Chongcheon Sword, absorbed Junje's power into the sword, and then used that power to repel Junje. He made an annoyed expression and reached out to me. Crackle! "...!" The space seemed to warp, and before I knew it, Junje had grabbed me by the collar. At the same time, Golmaek, covered in white bone armor, descended upon me from above. Twisting my body in mid-air, I positioned Junje in front of Golmaek and quickly retreated from his grip.

Boom— Junje couldn't avoid Golmaek's attack, and Golmaek struck him. An enormous shockwave reverberated, and Junje's body pierced through the Celestial Path and plummeted to the ground below. "Ouch, that must hurt." The next moment, Golmaek charged at me, extending his fist. 'It would be dangerous if it hits directly.' Thud, thud! In an instant, I struck his elbow with my sword, injecting a shockwave, and then struck his palm to maximize the power of the shockwave in his elbow. Boom! His arm exploded in mid-air without even touching me. Boom! "Grr...!" However, even without direct contact, the wind pressure alone sent me flying out of the Celestial Path.

'Golmaek...' "Graaaah!" He roared like a beast, infusing energy into the bone armor covering his body. A tail grew from the bone armor, and claws like those of a beast sprouted from the bone armor on his arms. Golmaek, who was from the late Fusion Stage, was a cultivator of the Heaven and Earth Dual Cultivation Technique like Hyeonwon and me. Therefore, despite being in the late Fusion Stage, he was considered as powerful as Junje, who was in the early Fusion Stage, and was one of the representatives of the Human race's martial power.

The Heaven and Earth Dual Cultivation Technique he created, the Bone Armor Treasure Technique, was infamous for extracting the bones of defeated enemies and storing them within his body, allowing him to fuse them with his own body when needed. It was said that it was impossible to injure him until all the bone armor was destroyed. However, perhaps frustrated by his arm being shattered by the shockwave attack earlier, he gathered all his strength and prepared to leap at me. As I tried to take a stance, an enormous gravitational force suddenly pressed down on me. Crackle! 'Junje!' From below the Celestial Path, Junje, who had been driven into the ground by Golmaek's strike, emerged and pressed down on me again. 'Sturdy indeed, to remain unscathed after taking a strike from a Heaven and Earth Dual Cultivator.'

As I thought this, Golmaek leaped at me again, swinging his bone-covered hand. Boom! An enormous force struck my body. However, the next moment, Golmaek flinched in surprise. Humm— It was because of my hand gripping his arm. An enormous force emanated from my forearm, which began to shine with starlight. At the same time, a sinister aura erupted from my entire body, revealing 19 heads. Drip, drip! Blood tears fell from the 19 heads, blooming into black blood flowers. Realizing something was wrong, Golmaek tried to pull away, but I gripped his arm tightly and spoke. Screech— Roar— Scream! As the black blood flowers bloomed, unbearable screams filled the heavens and earth. Golmaek cut off his bone armor like a lizard shedding its tail and barely escaped my curse's influence. Sizzle— The bone armor quickly rotted and melted away due to the curse's power. Crackle— Circuits were engraved all over my body. Crackle! Once again, Junje tried to restrain me from afar with his gravitational force. I looked at Junje and stepped into the air. Boom! The next moment, I was right in front of Junje. With the Chongcheon Sword covering my arm, I swung my arm at him with all my might. Boom! The ground shook. Below the Celestial Path, I saw a monk from the Taeyeol Temple screaming and running away with all his might. The ground cracked everywhere, and mountains and fields were rearranged. Swoosh! Shockwaves swept across the entire Celestial Path area, covered in mist and clouds, tearing the clouds apart in a circular pattern. '...Sturdy.' However, I frowned as I saw Junje standing unscathed after taking my strike. The golden armor covering Junje's body like scales, and the magnetic field emanating from that armor. 'Using the magnetic field as armor to disperse the impact...!'

Those who mastered the Metal attribute cultivation technique had much stronger gravitational force than others. In the Five Elements, Metal (金) is represented by the attributes of Qian (乾) and Dui (兌) in the Eight Trigrams. Qian is Yang (陽), so in Yin-Yang, Yang energy or light (光) is Metal (金). In the Five Elements, Earth is represented by the attributes of Kun (坤) and Gen (艮), which are Earth and Mountain. In the Five Elements, Wood is represented by the attributes of Zhen (震) and Xun (巽), which are Thunder and Wind. Earth and Mountain, Thunder and Wind are recognized as attributes. So what does the Dui Trigram (兌卦) mean? The Dui Trigram means 'Pond.' In other words, 'Pond attribute.' Some might wonder what on earth a pond attribute is. Crackle! Based on the enormous magnetic force derived from the Metal attribute, Junje pressed down on me with overwhelming gravity. Crackle! The ground caved in, and in an instant, the place where I stood became an enormous basin. Just fill it with water, and it becomes a pond. The Dui Trigram. In other words, the 'Pond attribute' was a roundabout way of expressing the magnetic force of the Metal attribute. Junje's gravity focused on a single point, as if he wanted to turn me into a complete mess. However, I raised my 19 heads and ignited my sinister aura. Flinch! Junje flinched at my fierce gaze. Crackle— From the bottom of the enormous gravity pit, I began to climb out, digging my hands into the pit. Boom! Then, Golmaek landed next to Junje. He concentrated his power into his bone armor and transformed it. Crackle! His bone armor changed shape. Golmaek, who transformed his bone armor into a muscular monster-like form, nodded at Junje. At that moment, Wilyeongseon and Wisu arrived using the Flying Technique. Wisu seemed to be casting some kind of spell on Golmaek's bone armor. Golmaek, who accepted Wisu's spell, nodded and then fell into the basin below. Boom! He extended both feet towards me, who was trying to climb up, and kicked my face. I tried to hold on, but I eventually fell back into the basin. Golmaek cracked his neck from side to side and spoke. Screech— The circuits began to glow fiercely. I illuminated my 19 heads and covered my entire body with starlight. We took a step towards each other. Crack, crack, crack...! Due to Junje's gravity, my feet sank into the ground with each step. Finally, when we reached each other. Whoosh! Wilyeongseon swung his fan, turning the basin below into a sea of fire. At the same time, Wisu blew wind like a bellows, creating an enormous inferno in the basin below. It was a fire that could burn even the soul of an ordinary cultivator. However, I smiled and spoke. For someone like me, whose soul was already being roasted by karmic fire, this was nothing more than lukewarm tea. Of course, despite the temperature, my skin was being roasted and cooked, but it didn't hurt much, so I smiled at Golmaek. He seemed unaffected by the flames, probably due to Wisu's protective spell. However, seeing my nonchalant attitude, he let out a hollow laugh. Humm! I swung my fist at Golmaek. The bone armor on his head was cut off. Golmaek regenerated his bone armor and extended his fist towards me. Thud! One of my heads was shattered, and a wound was inflicted by Golmaek's fist. He frowned at the sword wound, looking annoyed. Humm! I swung my hand at him again. Slash! A sword wound was engraved on Golmaek's body. We exchanged blows. No matter how much I accelerated, the insane gravity slowed my movements, making it inevitable to get hit. I inflicted sword wounds on him, and he shattered my heads. Crack! 'Ho...' The flames created by Wilyeongseon seemed to aim at depleting the surrounding spiritual energy rather than roasting me, as no more spiritual energy flowed in. On the other hand, Golmaek, who had a lot of spiritual energy stored within his body, still looked vigorous. Then, Eungyeon and Gaejin joined the battle from above. Rumble! Eungyeon's Law Treasure, the Heaven and Earth Demon Suppression Pagoda, fell. Boom! The Heaven and Earth Demon Suppression Pagoda grew larger, increasing its weight to crush me to death from above. Gaejin took out a cauldron-shaped Law Treasure and opened its lid. Sizzle! The liquid inside the cauldron poured into the basin. Sizzle! In an instant, the entire basin was filled with a rotten stench. 'Fungus!' Gaejin's spell, developed by stealing the secret techniques of the Fungus Sea Clan, one of the six great clans of the Celestial Race, spread throughout the basin, causing purple spores to sprout all over my body. The fungal threads extended, absorbing my strength and infusing it into Golmaek. Meanwhile, Wilyeongseon and Wisu seemed to be preparing another spell. At this rate, I might really be defeated. 'This is the power of the Human race...' When they combine their strength, they can capture a late Fusion Stage cultivator in an instant. If Hyeonwon were here, I would have likely been captured and turned into a fusion pill long ago. No, even now, if they start using their true power, resistance would be impossible. So, 'if they use their true power,' that is. I smiled and looked around with my 38 eyes. My words seemed to calm them, but their thoughts were in turmoil. Golmaek struck me again. Boom! I finally couldn't hold on any longer and knelt down. The Heaven and Earth Demon Suppression Pagoda pressed down on me with even greater force, and I was finally crushed under it. As I was crushed, I felt the Fusion Stage cultivators gathering their strength, each preparing a powerful strike. The Heaven and Earth Demon Suppression Pagoda became semi-transparent, spanning a high level and becoming immaterial. Their attacks would pierce through the Heaven and Earth Demon Suppression Pagoda and strike me. However, I smiled. Countless beams of light aimed at me. Crack— Forcing my hands to move, I infused them with black and white energy. The Jade of Yin-Yang and Five Elements enveloped me. Then, light exploded from within the basin.

* * *

Junje panted. "Did we get him?" "We must have. There's no way he could withstand the full power of the Fusion Stage cultivators' combined attack." Wilyeongseon wiped his sweat and spoke. "Damn, how can I be so exhausted after using my power for such a short time..." "It's because you overexerted yourself trying to find information to avoid the apocalypse. You were too greedy." "But once we recover from this injury, the surviving Fusion Stage cultivators of the Celestial Race will gain powerful thunder and lightning abilities, so it wasn't entirely greed. The only races that survived after directly facing the True Immortal are the Jangmok Clan and our Human race." "That's true." As they chatted, Wisu moved his hand. Whoosh— A wind blew, clearing the dust cloud. Inside the dust cloud, Golmaek stood tall, still wearing his bone armor. "Gol Seonja. Retrieve the spy's body and soul. We'll interrogate him at the Fusion Stage meeting." "By the way, it's amazing that a Human cultivator mastered both the Heaven and Earth Dual Cultivation Technique and the Profound Path Technique. He's quite a genius." "Even so, since he mastered the Profound Path Technique, he must have been influenced by Jangik. His thoughts must be corrupted, and we'll need to verify his thoughts, brainwash, and suggest him to become a proper Celestial." Junje conversed with Wilyeongseon and looked at Golmaek in the basin below. "Seonja, what are you doing..." Then, Golmaek's voice was heard. "Run..." The next moment, the bone armor covering Golmaek shattered, and a white-haired, red-eyed woman covered in blood collapsed in his place. "Golmaek!" Junje was startled and tried to fly to her. However, from within the dust cloud, a starlight monster with 19 heads walked out, laughing. "You bastard...!" Crack! Junje emitted a magnetic field again, pressing down on Seoeunhyeon. But the gravity was much weaker than before. Seoeunhyeon crossed his arms and spoke. His words made Wilyeongseon, Wisu, and Junje glare at him simultaneously. "Nonsense! Are you saying we should accept a Celestial spy as a Fusion Stage leader of the Human race?" "Hmph, Celestial beings are born from unimaginable abuse and torment, and the same goes for the Human race. In theory, Celestial beings can master three cultivation techniques, but those who master the Profound Path Technique are influenced by Celestial thoughts, denying slavery or engaging in liberation movements. How can we trust them?" Seoeunhyeon clicked his tongue at Junje's attitude and grabbed the back of Golmaek's neck, lifting her up. Seoeunhyeon said nothing, but Junje glared at him with anger in his eyes. "Despicable...! Taking a hostage...!" Seeing Golmaek captured, Wilyeongseon and Wisu also closed their eyes tightly. "...Leader, we have no choice. We must accept the monster's proposal for now. Golmaek's life is at stake." "Grr...! Despicable Celestial scum...!" In the end, Junje closed his eyes tightly and made a decision to protect Golmaek from the mad Celestial spy who carried the heads of 18 Human cultivators on his shoulders. "Fine...! I will allow you to take the position of Fusion Stage leader! However, you will not be involved in the affairs of the Human race's alliance, and you will only hold the title. You will not be given a place in Cheonbusan, and any resources allocated to you must be used by you alone. If we find any signs of you delivering Human resources to the Celestial territory, you will be immediately arrested and put on trial! If you cannot accept this, we will end you even at the cost of Golmaek's sacrifice!" "If you accept, hand over the hostage quickly!!!" The Human race's alliance, in exchange for the captured Golmaek, ultimately accepted Seoeunhyeon as a Fusion Stage leader.