Farewell (5)

“Huff… Huff…!” Breathing became difficult. My breath was labored.

‘This is….’

The Shattering Star Phase. Demigods who begin to shed their mortal coil after being born as mere mortals. In my life as General Seo, I had not known this because I had a puppet’s body, not a living creature’s. Even when I met Jang Ik, the first time was in General Seo’s body, and the second time, Jang Ik was imbued with a force that wasn’t even at the level of a smoke phase, making it impossible to grasp his power.

But now, I understood.

‘How can such a being…!’

I hadn’t even entered the Windstorm Station yet, and despite being in the Sand Path Phase, I felt a suffocating pressure as if my heart was being squeezed. The strange army riding the bizarre fortress seemed to feel the same, clutching their hearts with pale faces.

Gritting my teeth, I forced a bitter smile.

‘Kang Minhee….’

In the end, fate is fate. Human effort is human effort. Despite Seorip’s best efforts to connect with her emotionally and leave behind a legacy, she was still dragged by fate and became a demon.

Swoosh—

Seorip, who had somehow slipped out of my body, transformed into a human shape and clenched his fist.

“Seo Eunhyun….”

He gritted his teeth and looked at me.

“Kang Minhee is….”

“I know. So, what will you do?”

“…”

I looked at Seorip with cold eyes.

“As you know, this energy is at the Shattering Star Phase level. Even if we and the strange army join forces, we can’t handle a Shattering Star Phase. We should focus on escaping.”

“I know. But….”

Seorip’s eyes were filled with complete confusion.

“Kang Minhee is there! We have to save Kang Minhee….”

I looked at the panicked Seorip. With Wonryu’s face, Seorip was clutching and tearing at his hair. Watching him, I closed and opened my eyes.

“Seorip.”

“Seo, Seo Eunhyun. Isn’t there any way? How can we… She’s our comrade…!”

“Seorip.”

“I know you don’t have much affection for her. But still….”

Bang!

Without calling Seorip’s name a third time, I calmly punched him in the face. His head, reminiscent of Wonrip, exploded refreshingly. Calming my mind, I drew my sword with cold eyes.

“Why, why the Invisible Sword….”

“Invisible Sword, huh. Come to think of it, you still think of this as the Invisible Sword.”

But over the past 500 years, my Invisible Sword had evolved into something slightly different. Lifting the sword imbued with starlight, I looked at Seorip.

“From now on, I’ll show you what I’ve realized over the past 500 years.”

“No, Seo Eunhyun. That’s….”

Swoosh!

Without mercy, I swung my sword at Seorip.

* * *

‘This madman!’

I hastily activated the Ghost King Transformation, retrieved the Blue Scale Armor, and used the Shrinking Earth Technique to quickly distance myself from Seo Eunhyun.

‘Why is he doing this? Has he truly gone mad after being infected by Seo Hyul?’

Why would he suddenly swing his sword without any explanation? Despite the strange sense of déjà vu I felt from Seo Eunhyun’s attitude, I had no choice but to flee to save my life.

However, I could still feel his ‘gaze’ from afar. It was dangerous.

Swoosh!

In a split second, Seo Eunhyun covered hundreds of miles without using the Shrinking Earth Technique and pointed the Invisible Sword at my neck.

‘I have to dodge…!’

I felt immense fear and tried to dodge, but I sensed it was impossible.

‘I can’t dodge…!’

No matter where I dodged, I felt like I would be hit. Although the Invisible Sword seemed to be held calmly in Seo Eunhyun’s hand, its true nature was absolute freedom. Whether I dodged or not, it would change its trajectory freely and hit me. It was a different kind of accuracy compared to Kim Younghoon’s speed or Tae Yeoljeon’s sure hit! That was the essence of the Invisible Sword!

‘If I can’t dodge….’

There was no choice but to block. I quickly moved the Blue Scale Armor to cover my entire body. The Blue Scale Armor’s power nullified any kind of physical force! However, Seo Eunhyun’s Invisible Sword easily ‘penetrated’ the Blue Scale Armor and cut my body.

“Ugh!”

I coughed up blood and tried to use any force or technique to escape from his grasp. But it was all useless. The puppet circuits were of no use against Seo Eunhyun, who knew the circuits just as well, and the Ghost Dao Techniques shrank in front of Seo Eunhyun’s stronger death energy. The Yin Soul Ghost Spell was also useless. Even the strategy of using physical force, which cultivators use against spirit beings, was ineffective because Seo Eunhyun had obtained the Four Beast Qi from Seo Hyul. In other words, Seo Eunhyun was my worst match.

Rumble!

The Sand Path Phase trembled. Dust rose. I was beaten, cut, and tasted Seo Eunhyun’s martial arts without being able to do anything. How long had I been beaten helplessly? Suddenly, I felt Seo Eunhyun’s intent reaching me.

Crunch!

With 16 of my 18 heads turned to dust by the Invisible Sword, I spat out ghost energy and glared at him. His ultimate techniques would further restrict my movements. Seo Eunhyun looked at me with even more sunken eyes.

Why? I couldn’t bring myself to meet Seo Eunhyun’s eyes. And then, the next moment.

‘Huh?’

I saw Seo Eunhyun’s multicolored sword ‘disappear.’

‘What? The sword….’

No, the sword didn’t disappear….

Swoosh!

I felt a sensation as if the non-existent hairs on my body were standing on end. That was it. That was why Seo Hyul had reacted as if he couldn’t see it. I narrowly used the Shrinking Earth Technique to move back and avoid Seo Eunhyun’s attack. That was really dangerous. I looked at Seo Eunhyun with fearful eyes and asked. Seo Eunhyun looked at me expressionlessly for a moment, then stopped his attack and smiled faintly.

“How did you notice the attack?”

“What?”

“As you said, this attack is completely on the level of the soul. No matter how skilled cultivators are, they can’t easily approach the level of the soul unless they’ve mastered soul techniques. Even if they’ve mastered Ghost Dao Techniques, they can only approach it slightly, but the essence of cultivation is ultimately achieved at the level of qi.”

He continued, stroking the multicolored sword.

“Especially since my realization is focused on the formless and freedom, it’s even harder for the opponent to perceive. It’s been that way since the Invisible Sword days, but after reaching this level, I’ve become unparalleled in terms of [trajectory].”

“Indeed. Since the Invisible Sword days….”

“Then, how did you avoid that strike just now?”

“How did I avoid it….”

“It was an invisible and imperceptible strike. How did you avoid it?”

I asked back, puzzled by his question.

“What do you mean? Even though I didn’t use martial arts, I know all the martial arts I use.”

The move Seo Eunhyun had just used was one of the techniques of the Single Sword Style, ‘Deep Mountain.’ It was a technique that involved cutting upward after closing in on the opponent’s chest. By carefully observing the unique, hard-to-follow footwork, it could be avoided. Seo Eunhyun smiled at my words.

‘…Ah.’

Suddenly, I realized the source of the déjà vu I felt from Seo Eunhyun, who had suddenly started attacking me.

“Do you know how I reached this level?”

“…”

“I observed myself. And I realized that what I needed was already within me.”

‘I see.’

He placed his finger on my chest.

“You are Seorip, but you are also another possibility of mine. Martial arts are already within you. You just need to wield them.”

‘You’ve become like Kim Younghoon.’

—Wield it, it’s already within you.

Kim Younghoon’s voice seemed to whisper in my ear.

“Your will is also within you. You just need to wield it. Don’t rely on me, Seorip. From the moment you separated from me, your life was your own.”

His eyes seemed to burn with starlight.

‘I see.’

The Invisible Sword hadn’t disappeared. It had become even more closely integrated with Seo Eunhyun.

‘Reaching the level of the soul completely… perhaps….’

The level of the soul might not be something that spreads widely like the level of qi, but something that exists within the heart of one’s being.

“There was a time when I forced my disciples to live. I did it with the heart of a master, but looking back now, it might have been better to respect their will, even if it meant a meaningless death.”

“…”

“Therefore, I will also respect your will, Seorip. Don’t seek answers from me. Follow your heart. Do you want to save Kang Minhee or not?”

I stood there. The suffocating pressure from the direction of the Windstorm Station was still overwhelming.

“…I….”

Looking into Seo Eunhyun’s eyes, I gritted my teeth.

“I want to save Kang Minhee.”

“If you go to her now, you might die.”

Death. Hearing that word made my legs strangely weak. It was odd. Death should be familiar to me, yet….

But, even if I was afraid….

“…I still want to go.”

“Why? You might die.”

Why? Why did I want to go to her? Why….

I tried to come up with countless logical answers, but what came out was an unexpected answer.

“I couldn’t remember the scenery of that day I saw with Kang Minhee.”

“Hm?”

“Kang Minhee’s domain. You saw it in my mind too, right? I couldn’t recall that memory.”

“…”

“If I receive the memory from you through the All-Connections Diagram, I could know it immediately… but I want to hear the answer from Kang Minhee.”

“…”

“…Uh….”

Thinking about it, I didn’t know what kind of nonsense I was spouting. It didn’t make sense, and it seemed incredibly stupid considering it was a matter of life and death.

“No, I mean… if I get the answer… wouldn’t it be good for the All-Connections Diagram too…?”

Since Seo Eunhyun and I are the same person, it’s possible to access the memories of the All-Connections Diagram. I babbled nonsensically.

And then.

“Is that so.”

Seo Eunhyun laughed. It was a clear laugh.

“Then let’s do that.”

Without a moment’s hesitation, he turned and started walking towards the Windstorm Station.

“Contact the strange army. Now that they’ve come to their senses, we can get their help. With their help, let’s rescue any survivors and escape.”

“…Seo Eunhyun.”

With a trembling voice, I asked Seo Eunhyun.

“Until just now… weren’t you against saving Kang Minhee?”

He clearly wasn’t in favor of saving Kang Minhee. He seemed to be coldly assessing Kang Minhee’s Shattering Star Phase power and planning an escape strategy. So why the sudden change? And for such a flimsy and stupid reason?

Seo Eunhyun was an emotional person, but he had at least some rationality. He wasn’t someone who would be swayed by such a stupid reason, and that’s why I thought there was little chance. So why did he agree so easily?

To my question, Seo Eunhyun turned and gave me a gentle smile. Unlike Seo Hyul’s, it was a smile that truly put my mind at ease.

“I’ll tell you, so follow me.”

“…”

Tap!

After contacting the strange army, I followed Seo Eunhyun. We both flew through the air using only lightness techniques, not the Shrinking Earth Technique. Although I used the Shrinking Earth Technique to close the distance, strangely, it was hard to keep up with him. Even though he seemed to be running purely with lightness techniques, not using the Four Beast Gliding Technique, the Shrinking Earth Technique, or flying with the Invisible Sword, I kept seeing only Seo Eunhyun’s back. I felt like I could get ahead if I used the Shrinking Earth Technique, but strangely, I didn’t want to. The Shrinking Earth Technique was within my acceptable range, but I didn’t want to use anything beyond that. I wanted to chase Seo Eunhyun using only lightness techniques. But in the end, I had to keep running while only seeing Seo Eunhyun’s back.

Rumble—

After a while, we arrived at the center of the Windstorm Station.

Ooooo—

Screeeech—

Countless ghosts were wailing. At the center of the ghost horde was a black sphere, and that sphere was located where the Black Ghost Bone Valley’s Guanghan Branch had temporarily set up a base to create a shortcut in the Windstorm Station. In other words, it was where a Submersion Ship was docked.

Screeeech—

Screeeech!

The ghosts screamed as we approached, but strangely, they didn’t flee. It was as if they couldn’t leave the vicinity of the black sphere.

“Can you sense the Submersion Ship inside?”

“Yes, I can.”

With my senses honed by the Ghost Dao Techniques, I could vividly feel the Submersion Ship. And I could naturally sense that there were still ‘living’ survivors inside.

‘The ghosts inside… they’ve all lost their will and been subdued. We must at least save the survivors.’

The Ghost Kings were unfortunate, but they couldn’t be saved. I instinctively knew. As someone who had mastered the Ghost Dao Techniques, I could vividly feel the power of the sphere and its influence. I sorted out who could and couldn’t be saved and informed Seo Eunhyun. He nodded.

“Alright. First, we’ll make a dent in the sphere, pull the Submersion Ship out, and then extract the survivors inside.”

“Judging by the sphere’s power, it will regenerate quickly even if we make a dent.”

“It’s fine. We’ll divide the roles.”

Rumble—

Before he finished speaking, the strange army’s bizarre fortress arrived. From inside, the voice of the strange army could be heard. Seo Eunhyun looked up at the bizarre fortress and smiled.

“Of course. We’ll make the dent, and you, sir, will pull out the Submersion Ship inside.”

That made sense. Even if we temporarily pulled out the Submersion Ship, it would likely be dragged back inside. We had to extract all the survivors inside the Submersion Ship in that brief moment, but the time was too tight.

“Sir, you’ve entered the Submersion Ship before and retrieved the power device, haven’t you?”

“How did you enter back then? Did you politely enter through the entrance and take it?”

“Do the same this time. As soon as we pull out the Submersion Ship, make a hole, go straight in, and pull out the power device. Once the power device is removed, the Submersion Ship’s ghost energy will weaken significantly, and it will take longer to be dragged back. In the meantime, use the puppet soldiers to extract the survivors. You can keep the power device.”

I looked at Seo Eunhyun with a bewildered face.

“Wait, the Submersion Ship’s power device belongs to the Black Ghost Bone Valley. Why are you giving it to the strange army?”

“It’s a relocation.”

“…”

“Anyway, can you do that?”

The strange army readily agreed and shouted.

“Prepare, Seorip.”

Seo Eunhyun, holding the Colorless Glass Sword, looked at me with serious eyes.

“Let’s go save Kang Minhee.”

Thus, the battle against the Ghost Mother began with the strange army, Seo Eunhyun, and me.