Farewell (4)

Rumble―

Sato Station. In front of the entrance to the Twilight Path of the Dragon Ascension Immortal. An earthquake was occurring centered around that place. It was thanks to the small beam of light emitted by the Mysterious Fortress.

Sizzle―

The Demon Lord stroked his chin and looked down.

"Hmm, that wretched fellow. Did I finally get rid of him?"

The Demon Lord muttered as he watched the situation below through the crystal screen inside the Mysterious Fortress. Only ashes remained where Seohyeol had been. The Demon Lord glared.

"Hmm…."

He wiped his face with his hand while sitting in the control room of the Mysterious Fortress.

"I killed him… I killed him…."

One way or another, the Demon Lord and Seohyeol considered each other as arch-enemies. For the Demon Lord, Seohyeol was the only one who could rival him, and for Seohyeol, the match-up was too unfavorable. Perhaps that was why. The Demon Lord, who had killed Seohyeol, felt such a surge of emotion that he momentarily regained his sanity.

"Are you watching from the afterlife? I killed the real beast responsible for that incident…."

At that moment.

Swoosh!

A hand emerged from the heavens. And Seoeunhyun, with 18 skull heads and his own real head, making a total of 19 heads, appeared from within the heavens. Seoeunhyun seemed to be looking for Seohyeol, but upon seeing the Mysterious Fortress, his body froze.

Jo Yeon looked at him with a bitter smile.

"Why is he coming out from there…? He should be returning to the Demon Lord soon…. Ah, I see. Was he the one who drove Seohyeol to the brink of death? The king of schemes? Impressive."

Jo Yeon looked at the frozen Seoeunhyun with a grateful gaze.

"Since it has come to this, I should scare him off since he will go berserk and try to modify me soon anyway. When he goes berserk, I'll definitely catch him…."

* * *

I looked up at the Mysterious Fortress in front of me with tension.

'Damn it.'

Seohyeol was definitely dead. I could tell just by looking at the ashes beside me. The Demon Lord must have incinerated Seohyeol with a beam bombardment, not even wanting to make him a puppet.

'Currently, it's about 500 years after the Ascension….'

At this point, the Demon Lord's power was equivalent to more than 70 combined forces. Even if I had reached the late stage of the Fusion Realm, I couldn't stop that. Of course, if I entered as General Seo, I could aim for an internal overthrow, but that was impossible without Kim Yeon.

However….

'Escaping is possible.'

I signaled to Hongbeom, who had not yet emerged from the Twilight Path below the heavens, to come out once the Mysterious Fortress disappeared. It didn't matter if I went out from the inside, but the entrance only opened once a month, so the Demon Lord wouldn't be able to come inside.

'The Demon Lord who handles puppets and Hongbeom….'

The compatibility between Hongbeom and the Demon Lord was the worst. Puppets were immune to poisons. If I could somehow poison the Demon Lord's main body, there might be a chance. But the Demon Lord had installed air purification devices and other tools inside the Mysterious Fortress to block poisons, making it meaningless.

I rolled my eyes, looking for a chance to escape. At that moment.

Clang!

One of the cannons of the Mysterious Fortress fell towards me.

'Damn it. Think later.'

Escaping was the priority.

Whoosh!

I quickly started to flee from the territory of the Mysterious Fortress using techniques like the Shrinking Earth Method, Flight Technique, and Invisible Sword Flight.

'I have to escape quickly!'

My current state wasn't that good either. How fast did I pass through Sato Station? Suddenly, I felt a strange sensation.

'What is it? Why isn't the Demon Lord chasing me?'

Given the Demon Lord's personality, he should have sent [her] or someone else to chase me madly.

'Could it be….'

Thinking back, the cannon only threatened me without the Demon Lord's usual mad rhetoric. I thought of him and considered one possibility.

'Maybe, the Demon Lord….'

He might have temporarily regained his sanity. After a moment of contemplation, I took out the Twilight Path and created a mass-produced General Seo, sending it to where the Demon Lord would be.

'If the Demon Lord is sane, I need to inform him about Seohyeol.'

Only the Demon Lord could be considered Seohyeol's arch-enemy, so it would be most efficient for him to have the information to deal with Seohyeol.

Buzz―

How far did it fly? My mass-produced General Seo finally reached the front of the Mysterious Fortress. And the gates of the Mysterious Fortress opened. Sharing the puppet's vision, I entered the Mysterious Fortress.

After a while, I was guided by the puppets into the Demon Lord's reception room. And I was startled.

The Demon Lord Jo Yeon was drinking tea served by [her] with a surprisingly rational look in his eyes.

"Is that a puppet made by that guy earlier? It seems you have something to convey."

Though occasional madness flickered, the Demon Lord was clearly in a sane state. I nodded and conveyed the information about Seohyeol.

"So, Seohyeol is a kind of hive mind, and he survives by spreading that hive mind?"

"…I see. So, he hasn't been completely killed yet."

The Demon Lord sighed briefly and said.

"Got it. Thank you. I'll think of a way to deal with him someday."

I felt a strange sensation as I watched the Demon Lord.

'From start to finish, he didn't have a seizure…?'

It was impossible. How could the Demon Lord be like this? As I showed my puzzlement, the Demon Lord also smiled bitterly while drinking tea.

"You find it strange too, don't you? That I'm not having a seizure…."

"Well. You seem to have some knowledge of puppetry, but you probably don't know about the Mysterious Fortress. It's impossible to stay sane while handling the Mysterious Fortress. The reason I'm so clear-headed is…."

A serious light shone in Jo Yeon's eyes.

"Just now, the combined puppets of the Mysterious Fortress reacted. Shortly after you came out of the heavens, a strange wave spread throughout the entire Guanghan Realm."

"Yes. It seems only the combined puppets can sense it with their unique perception. I couldn't feel the wave, but I barely noticed it due to the reaction of the combined puppets… Anyway, because of that wave, I regained my sanity. Of course… I'll be swallowed by madness again as time passes, but it feels like that 'time' has been significantly extended."

So, the Demon Lord in front of me was someone who could be maintained for a considerable period.

'By the way, what kind of wave could make the Demon Lord regain his sanity?'

I pondered in confusion.

* * *

Guanghan Realm. The summit of Tianlian Mountain. Above the pavilion made of white jade. A giant dimensional gate was open, and a being covered in white light walked towards it, holding a white branch.

The being of white light, Baiyun Star Envoy. Baiyun Star Envoy spoke towards the massive crimson-black being beyond the dimensional gate.

As he spoke, a massive heavenly tribulation struck the crimson-black being trying to approach the Guanghan Realm.

Boom!

A massive heavenly tribulation that could burn the world. The heavenly lightning struck the crimson-black being, creating a barrier of tribulation to prevent it from approaching.

Crackle!

However, the crimson-black being pierced through the barrier of tribulation and approached Baiyun Star Envoy. Baiyun Star Envoy raised the branch in his hand. And then, a 'response' came from the crimson-black being.

Buzz―

A communication from the crimson-black being. Baiyun Star Envoy seemed to interpret the communication for a moment and then smiled bitterly. The crimson-black being attempted to communicate again. Baiyun Star Envoy, interpreting the communication, clicked his tongue in pity and spoke. The crimson-black being's body trembled at his words. Baiyun Star Envoy frowned within the light.

Rage. He could feel the extreme rage of the being in front of him at Baiyun Star Envoy's words. Baiyun Star Envoy's eyes shone as he swung the branch.

Swoosh―

Countless white trees began to grow around Baiyun Star Envoy, creating a massive white forest in the void outside the dimensional barrier.

Buzz!

The dimensional surface of the Guanghan Realm was covered with white trees made of non-material.

Flash!

White light and crimson-black light clashed outside the dimension.

* * *

Buzz, buzz, buzz….

I frowned as I watched the strange movement of the heavenly energy.

'Something is definitely happening….'

I felt uneasy. For some reason, I had a sense of alertness as if someone was targeting me.

'By the way, why is the Demon Lord's mind stable?'

I couldn't grasp it. Although he was slowly falling back into madness, he would remain in a sane state for a few days.

'Well, I should stick with the Demon Lord for a few days then.'

I possessed Seorip and listened to his story about the time I wasn't there. Since I hadn't always been watching him, I needed to gain his experiences and insights.

Buzz―

At that moment. I suddenly felt a chilling sensation behind me.

'This, this is…?'

I could feel it. The experience of Seorip, who had learned the Ghost Dao Technique and passed through the 'shortcut' of the Underworld, and the sense of 'me' who had seen the Ghost Army General Yoo Hodeok. Just now, the power of the Underworld had swept through the entire Guanghan Realm.

'What is this? What's happening?'

At the same time, I felt that the wood attribute of the heavenly energy was particularly strong. Those who had learned wood attribute techniques might have suddenly experienced an opportunity for advancement.

At that moment.

Rumble!

In the distance. Sappung Station. I felt a chill from the energy emanating from there. And the Demon Lord, who had been exchanging puppet techniques with General Seo, also turned his head sharply towards Sappung Station.

Crack!

'This, this is….'

Cold. Even though it wasn't Sappung Station but Sato Station, the cold emanating from Sappung Station was enough to make me lose my senses.

Crackle, crackle….

Seorip screamed in my mind. He gritted his teeth, saying that the strange fruit he had given to Kang Minhee had disappeared. I gritted my teeth and grabbed the Colorless Glass Sword.

"…You must not remember because you don't have the All-Seeing Fate Map."

Thinking about it, at this point, 500 years later, it was the time when Kang Minhee would transform into the Ghost Dao Empress at Sappung Station.

Rumble!

Was it because of the power of the Underworld that had just swept through the Guanghan Realm? Or was it something else? Perhaps the force of destiny had forcibly pulled Kang Minhee into becoming the Ghost Dao Empress.

Kang Minhee had awakened as the Ghost Mother.