Holding Hands (1)

Although Beixianghua and Kim Yeon seemed to show some signs of anxiety, they rejoined us after a while. Seeing that their spirits had somewhat stabilized, there was no need to worry too much. After catching up with old friends, we gathered in the Wujigyo Hall the next day.

“…First of all, I would like to thank everyone for gathering here today.”

As the leader of the Wujigyo Sect, I sat on the main seat and addressed them. Yesterday was a reunion with old comrades, but today was a meeting with the 'rulers of the Beixiang Fleet that invaded the Guangyin Territory,' so I spoke in a more solemn tone. The representative of the Beixiang Fleet, as expected, was Beixianghua.

“Thank you for the warm welcome, Sect Leader.”

“Let's start with a cup of tea, shall we?”

I ordered the servants of the Wujigyo Sect to bring tea. Soon, a jar of honey was placed in front of each person, and a specialty of the Minggui Realm, plum tea, was served.

“It might be a bit sour for ordinary tastes, so I recommend adding some honey.”

Interestingly, the ghosts of the Minggui Realm loved sour fruits like plums and small apples. As a result, those who practiced wood-based techniques among the ghosts improved these fruits to make them even sourer. Therefore, the plum tea from the Minggui Realm was much sourer than plums from other realms.

Kim Younghoon, with a look that said, 'How sour can it be?' took a sip of the plum tea and immediately disappeared from the room, reappearing moments later with a golden glow. It seemed he had spat out the tea outside the Guangyin Territory.

“Hmm, just bring me water.”

Seeing Kim Younghoon’s reaction, the others poured honey into their tea and drank it. I ordered honey tea instead of plum tea and lightened the mood. After everyone had a sip, the meeting began.

“First, I would like to hear the reason why the Beixiang Fleet invaded our Guangyin Territory.”

Although I had heard it last night, it was good to hear it officially once more. Beixianghua calmly pointed to Seran and explained.

“First of all, we deeply apologize for the destruction caused by our Beixiang Fleet in the Guangyin Territory. However, I would like to clarify that there was a significant misunderstanding about our reasons for coming here. We hastily judged that one of our colleagues and a senior member of the Beixiang Fleet, Seran Gong, was being held here, and thus we acted rashly. We apologize once again for this.”

She bowed deeply, showing a sincere expression of regret.

“Your apology is accepted. However, words alone are not enough.”

“Yes, you are right. After discussing it within the Beixiang Fleet….”

In truth, we had already discussed everything among ourselves last night.

“The Beixiang Fleet will be affiliated with the Wujigyo Sect in the Guangyin Territory for a thousand years, working as mercenaries to compensate for the damage.”

“Ho… excellent.”

“However, we also have some conditions.”

Beixianghua presented a document that had been discussed with Kim Younghoon, Seran, Shiho, and others the previous night. The document detailed prohibitions against unfair treatment, unilateral discrimination, or termination of the contract without notice. Of course, since Kim Younghoon was originally one of us, such things were impossible from the start.

I signed the clauses with a smile, and the Beixiang Fleet representatives said they would return to their territory to discuss it with Songjin before signing. I laughed heartily and agreed. After all, Songjin had only misunderstood that Seran was threatened due to a minor misunderstanding. He, too, had received favors from me, so he would surely accept.

‘Moreover, Songjin and Seran’s current goal is related to Seohyeol, so they have no choice but to join forces with me, who opposes Seohyeol.’

Thus, I was able to naturally reunite with the forces of the Beixiang Fleet, including my old comrades Kim Younghoon, Songjin, Seran, and Beixianghua. The Beixiang Fleet joined the Wujigyo Sect, and I called Yeonjin in front of them.

“Yeonjin, have you been able to contact Yeonwi?”

Yeonjin nodded at my question.

“Yes, the ancestor has recently sent a part of his soul back to me.”

“Good, then….”

Wooong!

I used the Mysterious Heart Technique to channel my consciousness into Yeonjin’s upper dantian, allowing Yeonwi to emerge from Yeonjin’s consciousness. After a moment, Yeonwi opened her eyes from Yeonjin’s body and looked around, sighing.

“…I heard a bit while inside Yeonjin’s body. This is the Gaolyeok Realm?”

“Yes, it seems so.”

“…Ha.”

Yeonwi sat down, pressing her head as if she had a headache. After informing her that we had joined forces with the Beixiang Fleet, I asked her.

“First, I have two questions for you, senior. The first is about the Gangnyeong Axis since we are in the Gaolyeok Realm.”

Yeonwi sighed and began to explain to us. Beixianghua and Shiho, who seemed to be hearing about the Obok Axis for the first time, listened with great interest.

“Well, as you know, the method of building the axis in the Gaolyeok Realm is not much different from the Minggui Realm. However, there is a difference in the Gongryeongji here.”

She continued her explanation.

“There is no Gongryeongji in the Gaolyeok Realm. Gongryeongji is originally a small hole connected to the surface of the dimension, but the Gaolyeok Realm fundamentally has no holes in its dimension. The [Deep Sea] of the Gaolyeok Realm surrounds the entire realm like a scale armor, so there is no Gongryeongji in this world.”

‘The deep sea surrounds the world like armor….’

I suddenly thought of the Blue Scale Armor in the deep sea of the Gaolyeok Realm.

“But there are still those who ascend, and there are ways to build the axis. The most representative is the ‘Gamsal Jade.’”

“Gamsal Jade…?”

I recalled the jade I had received from Seran before. It was true that through the Gamsal Jade, one could send a strand of consciousness to the lower realms.

“The ‘islands’ in the Gaolyeok Realm’s sea are mostly large chunks of high stone. And in the high stone veins of these chunks, occasionally, a peculiar high stone is born under the pressure of the heavenly and earthly energies. That is the Gamsal Jade.”

Seran, who seemed to be hearing this for the first time, listened with a curious expression.

“The Gamsal Jade is an artifact that allows you to send a strand of consciousness to the lower realms. And if you gather and compress hundreds or thousands of these Gamsal Jades, they transform into a new ore called Yeomjeong (Salt Crystal).”

“Yeomjeong…?”

“Yes. Even the lords of the sea realms don’t know much about it. The transparent Gamsal Jade, under pressure, mixes with numerous other Gamsal Jades, turning pure white like salt and gaining new abilities. Unlike the Gamsal Jade, which only allowed sending a single consciousness, Yeomjeong can send dozens of consciousness strands and can be used to set up a flying formation that acts as a flying ship.”

“…Huh.”

I marveled at the mysteriousness of the Yeomjeong ore.

“Does it function the same as a Gongryeongji, and can it be used in other realms?”

“Haha, do you want to carry a solid Gongryeongji to other realms? Sorry, but Yeomjeong only works in the Gaolyeok Realm. If you use Yeomjeong in other places, it turns into a key that brings you back to the Gaolyeok Realm instead of sending you to the lower realms.”

“I see….”

I clicked my tongue in disappointment. However, just because it couldn’t be used in other realms didn’t mean Yeomjeong was worthless. According to her, Yeomjeong was the only way to build the axis in the Gaolyeok Realm.

“Then, where can we usually find Yeomjeong?”

“Usually, Gamsal Jade is born in islands with high stone veins, and to gather hundreds or thousands of them to make Yeomjeong, you almost always need to be a lord of a sea realm. Of course, even for a lord, it’s not easy to make, so some lords don’t have it. The probability of a lord having Yeomjeong is about fifty-fifty.”

After finishing her explanation, Yeonwi turned her gaze to the Beixiang Fleet.

“Didn’t you say your Beixiang Fleet conquered three sea realms? Didn’t you find any Yeomjeong?”

At her question, Kim Younghoon made a troubled expression.

“…We saw Yeomjeong in two of the three sea realms we conquered.”

“Oh…! Two of them…?”

“However, the lords of those two sea realms fled with the Yeomjeong in their possession. At the time, we didn’t realize how valuable Yeomjeong was….”

Thud!

Yeonwi smacked her forehead and sighed softly.

“…Well, if they had Yeomjeong, they could have created a flying formation to recruit talents and establish their forces in the lower realms, so it must have been as important as their lives to the lords….”

She sighed softly and clicked her tongue before asking me.

“If we don’t have Yeomjeong now, we need to find a way to obtain it to build the Gangnyeong Axis. So, look for a way to get Yeomjeong.”

“Understood. And the second question is… how can we leave the Gaolyeok Realm?”

As I spoke, I slightly distorted the air with my gravitational force. Thud! I tried to create a hole in the air and reach out to the dimension outside, but unlike when I entered, my hand was repelled back into the Gaolyeok Realm. Yeonwi watched this and explained.

“The Gaolyeok Realm is surrounded by layers of [Deep Sea] that emit gravitational force. Therefore, those with the ‘qualification to enter’ are drawn into the Gaolyeok Realm by this force… but once inside, leaving requires breaking through all the gravitational forces of the deep sea, making it much harder to leave than to enter.”

“Huh, it’s like the Great Celestial Opening Gate.”

Oh Hyunseok made an apt analogy, making it easy for me to understand.

“But since you obtained the Gangnyeong Axis, there must be a way to get out.”

“Yes. If you can handle the gravitational force in the shallow sea and have coordinates on the surface, you can get out. I used the Golden Thunder Gate to leave the Gaolyeok Realm back then… but it would be difficult for you now.”

At her words, Jeon Myunghoon and I made bitter expressions.

‘The Taesuhui won’t help me either.’

If I asked them to get me out of the Gaolyeok Realm, they would probably just tell me to enjoy my stay, considering they suspected me of being a spy for the Sim Clan.

“…Is there no way to open a shortcut in the Gaolyeok Realm?”

But she shook her head at my question.

“If that were possible, the Black Bone Valley would have established a branch here. It’s possible to enter through a shortcut, but opening a shortcut to leave is impossible. The deep sea prevents the formation of shortcuts. The Gaolyeok Realm is the only middle realm where the Black Bone Valley couldn’t establish a foothold.”

Then Seran, looking at Yeonwi as if she were talking nonsense, spoke up.

“…That’s not true.”

Yeonwi frowned and looked at Seran, who was wearing the black robe of the Black Bone Valley, and was startled.

“What, what? There was no Black Bone Valley in my time.”

“Haha, we established a branch in the Gaolyeok Realm with my master about 200 years ago.”

“Oh….”

Yeonwi, flustered, then burst out in anger.

“That’s not the point! How dare you interrupt an elder! Be quiet!”

Seran closed his mouth and stepped back at Yeonwi’s words.

“Well, anyway. It’s extremely difficult to leave the Gaolyeok Realm. Even the Taesuhui and Yowang need help from outside to have a 50% chance of success. The other 50% chance is failing and becoming lost in the deep sea.”

“Hmm….”

I immediately abandoned the plan to send Jeon Myunghoon out to pull us out. 

“Senior, does that mean we can’t leave the Gaolyeok Realm right now?”

“Well… for now, yes. But wait for about 2,000 to 3,000 years! By then, I’ll have trained some disciples in the Golden Thunder Gate to become Sashuqi, and they can pull you out.”

“….”

So, there was no way but to wait. 

‘It’s not even certain that Yeonwi will succeed in training disciples in the Golden Thunder Gate.’

The Shui Realm was already barren due to mass ascension. Even if Yeonwi tried her best, the chances were high that they would only reach the level of Tianrenqi. It was unlikely they would reach the level of Sashuqi like Jinbyeokho, Heogwak, or Changhoja.

‘It could take at least 2,000 to 3,000 years, or even 5,000 to 6,000 years.’

I sighed deeply. For an ordinary disciple, it might be bearable, but for me, it was too long.

‘In just 1,000 years, Kang Minhee will transform 1/50th of the Guanghan Realm’s Anjie region into something like the Minggui Realm, and Gwaegun will reach the level of Junswaeseongqi. Jangik will return and kill Kang Minhee.’

I couldn’t let that happen.

“…Is there no faster way?”

“There is. You can use the forbidden technique created by the ancestor Jinshinja to merge the spirits and bodies of the disciples of the Golden Thunder Gate into a monster called Raesu. Raesu has no intelligence, but in its initial state, it has the gravitational force of Sashuqi. If I take over Raesu’s body and ascend, I can pull you out within a month.”

“…Of course, the disciples merged into Raesu can’t be restored, right?”

“Of course not.”

Jeon Myunghoon glared at Yeonwi and asked.

“Ancestor, you’re not thinking of doing that, are you?”

“Am I crazy? The ancestor only used the forbidden technique five times in his life. He even said, ‘Unless I personally permit it, the forbidden technique should never be used again.’ So, I can’t do that.”

“…That’s a relief.”

I sighed. If Yeonwi had intended to do it, I would have ordered Kim Younghoon’s clone in the Shui Realm to kill her to stop it.

“…Can’t we descend to the lower realms using the flying formation created with Yeomjeong and then ascend?”

“Oh, if you descend to the lower realms using Yeomjeong, you will ‘definitely’ ascend back to the Gaolyeok Realm.”

“…Phew.”

I sighed. This wouldn’t work.

“For now… I’ll try to contact the Taesuhui of the Human Alliance later.”

If necessary, it was time to return and save Kang Minhee, and somehow seal Seohyeol and Oh Hyeso before they did anything with the ‘eye’ they were looking for.

I asked Yeonwi.

“Is there any way to contact other realms besides leaving?”

“Contacting them is not that difficult. You can use an artifact called Gamsal Mirror. It’s made from Gamsal Jade and allows you to send your will to other realms you’ve visited and are connected to by gravitational force. It also has functions like a communication talisman for talking to people you know….”

“Where can we usually find Gamsal Mirrors?”

She looked at the Beixiang Fleet.

“Usually, the lords of the sea realms have them, so ask if you’ve obtained any while conquering sea realms. Gamsal Mirrors are rare, but not as rare as Yeomjeong, so they probably didn’t take them when they fled.”

However, Kim Younghoon awkwardly smiled at her words.

“…Well… I smashed all the mirrors because it seemed like the lords were trying to request support from their allies.”

“….”

“Oh, if we hadn’t blocked the support requests, we would have had a hard time.”

I sighed softly. There was only one way left.

“…Is there anyone? Bring Yukyo.”

Since we needed both Yeomjeong and Gamsal Mirrors, and both were artifacts that only lords had, it was best to meet the nearby lord. I called Yukyo, the daughter of the lord of the Weijing Sea, Yuklin, to meet him.

* * *

“Ah… are you saying you’re sending me back to my father?”

Yukyo asked with a blank expression, kneeling before me under Shiho’s glare.

“Yes. We will return you and the hostages of the Weijing Sea to your father and establish friendly relations with a small compensation.”

She opened and closed her mouth like a fish, even though she was a carp. Kim Yeon, Kim Younghoon, and I read her thoughts.

‘She’s only thinking about escaping.’

But I had no intention of letting Yukyo go. I didn’t know what kind of trouble this scamming carp had caused to have a bad relationship with Yuklin, but judging by her actions, it was probably Yukyo’s fault.

‘The reason we became enemies with the Weijing Sea in the first place….’

Yukyo had stolen Seran’s face and got caught by me, leading to a misunderstanding with the Weijing Sea, which tried to rescue her, causing a conflict. I planned to return this troublesome carp to the Weijing Sea and make peace.

“Just to be clear, don’t think about escaping. You know we have enough manpower to monitor you, and we have skilled people who can capture you without a scratch, even if you’re not a Wonyoungqi but a Tianrenqi.”

“…Ah… yes. I understand. I will follow….”

Yukyo bowed her head, but her thoughts were clearly different. Shiho glared at her.

“I think this fish woman is planning to lie again, senior. So, let’s confine her with the Beixiang Fleet, who knows her well.”

“Hi, hiik…!”

Yukyo trembled in fear at Shiho’s words and looked at me. I nodded and said.

“Alright. But we will assign our people to monitor her while she’s with the Beixiang Fleet.”

If I left her with Shiho, she might become sashimi before we could return her to the Weijing Sea, so we needed guards to