The Dead (9)

Gui Liao Station. The branch of the Black Ghost Bone Palace. There, the captain of the Seomyeongham and the elder in blue, Chajo Gui, was tilting a skull-shaped wine glass while admiring his garden. He chuckled as he looked at the garden, filled with withered flowers and trees, a unique charm of the Ghost Realm.

"Hmm, judging by the celestial ghost energy, it seems that Baeklin has found his realm," he said, looking at his lieutenant beside him. "He will now return and try to persuade us to invade Baekyin Station again. How do you think he will try to persuade us?"

The lieutenant, who appeared as a maiden ghost in mourning clothes, pondered for a moment before speaking. "He will likely explain the dangers of the cult entrenched in Baekyin Station, logically arguing how this cult is harmful to the entire Ghost Realm. He might also bring up the benefits of acquiring the spiritual land of Baekyin Station and how attacking Baekyin Station, an inviolable territory of the Ghost Palace and Bongrae Island, could damage the pride of both forces."

"Tsk, tsk. Weak, very weak. Although we have listened to him out of gratitude for the favor received during the Celestial Ghost Period, honestly, such feeble arguments cannot persuade our palace. I think if he consistently makes the same argument for about 500 to 600 years, we might see his determination and dispatch a small force."

"That seems likely."

Chajo Gui took a sip of his drink and asked, "Then, in your opinion, what would make our palace grant his request?"

"Hmm, if he were to hand over all the secret arts of the Baekmaek Sect, swear to become a slave of the Black Ghost Bone Palace, and express his willingness to participate in the [Experiment]... it might be possible."

"The [Experiment] where one is eroded by the gaze of the Great Fiery True Man? Tsk, the higher-ups are too obsessed with unnecessary things. Where would we find a madman willing to be eroded voluntarily? Even if we offered to free the slaves, they would be reluctant to participate."

"Haha, so I meant it is practically impossible."

"Yes, indeed. So, what should I do now that he will keep coming to me and whining for the next 500 to 600 years...?"

It was when Chajo Gui was tilting his wine glass. Boom! A cloud of dust rose from a corner of Chajo Gui's garden.

"Just in time."

Chajo Gui clicked his tongue and spoke to Baeklin, who emerged from the dust cloud, exuding a fierce ghostly light. "Congratulations on finding your realm, my friend. As you requested earlier, I spread the rumor that the Black Ghost Bone Palace would designate the Mugeuk Cult in Baekyin Station as a heretical cult and soon subdue it. But as I mentioned before, it is just a superficial rumor, and it will take hundreds of years to truly persuade our palace. So, there's no need to rush. Let's have a drink together..."

"I will offer everything of the Baekmaek Sect."

"...What?"

"And I will become a slave of the Black Ghost Bone Palace. If that's not enough, I will endure anything, anything!"

A fierce ghostly flame was burning in Baeklin's eyes. In his left hand, he held a crumpled record book. Chajo Gui stared blankly at Baeklin for a moment, then exchanged glances with his lieutenant.

"...Well, contact the palace."

* * *

"Emergency! Emergency!!!"

I, with my ghostly aura still intact, shone with 38 ghostly lights in the underground of the Mugeuk Cult. A servant of the Mugeuk Cult, wearing a cursed doll, ran to me and reported.

"Currently, from the north of Baekyin Station, a Seomyeongham from the Black Ghost Bone Palace, along with three blue elders and 30 black elders, are moving towards Baekyin Station!"

"Master! Emergency! We have received news that from the south, the Ghost Palace is moving one combined ghost king and ten sacrificial ghost kings towards Baekyin Station!"

"Master!!! From Bongrae Island, one combined ghost king and 15 sacrificial ghost kings are advancing from the east towards Baekyin Station!"

Tap, tap—

I tapped the armrest of the throne.

"The Black Ghost Bone Palace!"

"Yes, but all three forces are coming under the pretext of subduing the heretical cult in Baekyin Station."

I ignited ghostly flames in my eyes. 'Five combined ghost kings, 55 sacrificial ghost kings. And the Black Ghost Bone Palace is even bringing a Seomyeongham... It seems the Ghost Palace and Bongrae Island are also bringing forces of similar scale...'

I smirked. With that much power, it was enough to carry out a grand plan. I rose from the throne.

"Yes, master."

Hongbeom approached the spiritual land and began to connect the spiritual land and the ley lines of Baekyin Station through the personnel prepared in advance.

Thud, thud, thud!

I passed by the servants and exited the underground of the Mugeuk Cult. Thud! Arriving at the front of the Mugeuk Cult, I used the transmission talisman to communicate with the Great Guardian, the left and right guardians, and all the guardian ghost kings.

Rumble—

Jeon Myeonghun, with six shadows trailing behind him, descended from the sky with a flash of red lightning. Following him, Oh Hyunseok, exuding a purple aura, walked in a half-giant form. Clang, clang, clang! Kim Yeon, riding a palanquin carried by numerous cursed dolls, appeared. Even Yeon Jin, who had been sleeping, came running in a hurry. Flash, flash! The 12 guardian ghost kings, exuding ghostly energy, also lined up in front of me.

I shouted, my 38 ghostly lights flashing. Kim Yeon relayed my voice, linking it with the formations installed throughout Baekyin Station, spreading my voice everywhere. I felt the entire Baekyin Station tremble at my words. But I continued speaking without caring.

Rumble!

Six shadows erupted from beneath my feet. Crackle, crackle— The shadows, imbued with black lightning, contained my deathly aura. Boom! As I stomped my foot, the shadows beneath me spread throughout Baekyin Station. During the day in the Ghost Realm, no one could perceive my deathly aura due to the gaze of the heavens. But through the Six Extremes Black Thunder God technique, it was possible to indirectly, very slightly, emit my deathly aura.

Ssshhh—

The ghostly creatures of Baekyin Station, covered by my shadows, fell silent in an instant. They couldn't directly sense my death, but instinctively, they were terrified and became quiet. If I revealed more of my deathly aura, they would go berserk and flee from Baekyin Station, but I controlled it delicately, so that didn't happen.

Flinch!

Jeon Myeonghun, Kim Yeon, and Oh Hyunseok's expressions became slightly strange, but I continued speaking without caring.

The first name of a ghost is sudden death. You all died suddenly, with unresolved grudges, becoming ghostly creatures and reaching the Ghost Realm. You have always strived to avoid the pull of the underworld, seeking a proper life. But even in the Ghost Realm, it was always difficult to escape the pull of death. You feared the day when you would be dragged to the underworld for judgment. Therefore, our cult provided you with bodies so you could live stably.

The second name of a ghost is disease. You no longer suffer from physical ailments, but the moment you died, you harbored deep grudges, becoming ghosts wandering the nine heavens. That deep grudge is a disease of the heart. I, too, have harbored deep grudges many times, so I understand your grudges to some extent, though not completely. Your grudges stem from the lives you lost. Therefore, our cult has made efforts to help you find a semblance of a proper life.

The third name of a ghost is worry. We, all of us, cannot help but fear our fate. Unless we are special, we always face death at the end of our fate. Knowing that death, which takes everything away, is our final destination, the worry is inevitable. Therefore, our cult has provided you with as much welfare and benefits as possible to help you forget your worries, even if only temporarily.

The fourth name of a ghost is poverty, the fifth is weakness, and the sixth is hatred. The fourth, fifth, and sixth are the same. Our cult has improved your impoverished conditions, provided strong bodies to the weak, and governed as fairly as possible to prevent hatred from blooming.

Hogwak told me that the Six Extremes Black Thunder God technique is a demonic art that no one has ever mastered. All of it was solely for my self-satisfaction. All of it was merely a temporary relief for your pain. All of it was just a deception and a brief mockery we provided.

The Six Extremes are said to be the opposite of the Five Blessings. But unlike the Five Blessings, the Six Extremes have no corresponding axis. The axis of the Six Extremes is merely an imaginary concept. Like the concept of the Pinnacle of Martial Arts created by martial enthusiasts in the previous world. The Six Extremes Black Thunder God technique was a delusion trying to realize an imaginary concept. Therefore, no one could ever master it. I instinctively knew the moment I practiced the Six Extremes Black Thunder God technique. Even I, or Jeon Myeonghun, could never master this technique. Therefore, it could never defeat the perfected technique, the Great Thunder God technique.

I repeat. Now, the three major forces of the Ghost Realm—Ghost Palace, Black Ghost Bone Palace, and Bongrae Island—are coming to subdue the Mugeuk Cult in Baekyin Station. Listen. We are a heretical cult, a demonic cult that has tormented you under the pretext of non-existent ghosts. So, escaping this demonic cult and seeking freedom now that the three major forces are at our doorstep is not a sin or betrayal. The puppet bodies we provided you can still be used for a long time with proper maintenance. Those who do not want to experience sudden death again at the hands of the three major forces attacking now should all escape from Baekyin Station. We will not pursue or force you. I repeat, escaping from Baekyin Station, ruled by this demonic cult, is not a betrayal or a sin. Everyone, protect what is precious to you.

The concept of 'pain,' which is the opposite of 'blessing,' is merely the absence of blessing. It has no substance. Therefore, the Six Extremes Black Thunder God technique can never be mastered. But... I have been tormented by this insubstantial thing all my life. This insubstantial thing that torments us is the true ghost, the true great ghost. Therefore, I only wish that this insubstantial ghost does not harm my precious people. Yes, I am just a foolish dead man, struggling to chase away an insubstantial ghost, possessed by a great ghost, unable to come to my senses.